The Fed would be well served to be very
cautious in this environment
>> in almost an impossible position. The
vacuum of data is starting to cause some
concerns.
>> Data or no data, you still have to make
policy.
>> They have to be pretty careful about how
much they signal more cuts going
forward.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
Live [music] from New York City this
morning. Good morning. Good morning from
our audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into [music] Wednesday, adding to
all-time highs. Chairp Federal Reserve
expected to cut rates for a second time
just before more than 11 trillion
dollars of market cap reports earnings.
And [music] the president touches down
in South Korea to meet with China's
leader. The week begins right now.
>> And the table set in South Korea for
these two leaders to meet. President
Trump and Xi Jinping, the leaders of the
world's two biggest economies. And
Jonathan, the president gave us some
insight of what's going to be discussed
to reporters. He told them on his way to
South Korea, "We're going to be speaking
about [music] Blackwell." Blackwell is
one of the most advanced AI chips that
the United [music] States has. It comes
from Nvidia, Jensen Wong, who spoke to
Ed Lelo yesterday talking about the fact
that he's also going to go over to Asia
to speak to the president. What's so
interesting about this, the president
calls it the super duper chip, pardon
the pun, but he's literally putting the
US's most highly advanced chip on the
table and this would be a huge win for
Beijing.
>> A massive win for Nvidia as well. The
stock is up in a pre-market by 3%.
[music]
There's a dance to the one side. We'll
buy some soybeans. We'll lower some
tariffs regarding fentinel. I'm right
there with you. This is the main [music]
event. The president has been celebrated
by the China Hawks in Washington DC for
a long long time for the best part of
the last 10 years. [music] If he moves
this in this direction, I think he's
taken a big step to contradicting some
of the work that he's been building up
[music] over the last 10 years.
>> Right. This is part of the reason why he
was elected originally in 2016. It was
taking on China. Not just rebalance the
unfair trade treatment that China has in
the global market, but also they have
made this a [music] pivotal national
security concern. And you have to ask,
the president told reporters today,
Jensen [music] Wong was in the Oval
Office three days ago. You have to ask,
does he have more influence on the
president when it comes to policy
[music] that affects national security
in the United States than even some of
his own adviserss?
>> It's a question we'll ask throughout
this morning. If you're just joining us,
equities alltime highs adding some
weight to the rally on the S&P 500,
earnings coming up later. Microsoft,
Meta, Alphabet, we're talking about $9
trillion of market cap reporting after
the closing bal across five names
including Amazon and Apple tomorrow.
[music]
We're talking about almost a quarter
about a quarter of the S&P 500 reporting
across just a handful of names.
>> For next 48 hours is going to be intense
on the earning [music] space. The
so-called Magnificent 7 are projected to
post a profit growth the third quarter
Jonathan of 14%.
nearly double the 8% that is expected
for the S&P 500 on a whole. So this is
going to be huge.
>> Coming up on the program, a big hour.
Julian Emanuel of EverOR with stocks on
a tear. Mary Lovely of the Peterson
Institute as the US turns down the
temperature with China and Greg Deo of
VY looking ahead to the Fed meeting
later on this afternoon. We begin this
hour with stocks trading higher as
traders await a key stretch of earnings,
trade talks, and a Fed decision. Julian
Emanuel of Evercore writing, "It's a
week where decades happen. Short-term,
we see the potential for a hypercharged
S&P 500 move above 7K as equally
probable to a setback to 6550." Julian
joins us now for more. Julian, good
morning.
>> Good morning,
>> Julian. Sir, help me. When you write
something like that, what on earth am I
meant to do? What do people do with
that?
>> So, you you have to focus on the long
term. Okay, the long term for us is 7750
at uh the end of 2026, but I will say
over the last week I have been getting
sort of derisive jokes about that price
target not being aggressive enough. uh
and that to us signals maybe there's a
little bit of uh too much exuberance and
then again you step back and you see all
this event risk coming uh whether it's
earnings whether it's geopolitics
whether it's the Fed there's a lot of
positivity priced in in the here and now
>> let's go through the event risk so tech
earnings later and again tomorrow the
trade conversation in South Korea
between the US and China and a Federal
Reserve decision later on this
afternoon. Out of those three, what's
more fragile? What's going to be the
source of that volatility potentially
for you? I
>> I would say it it it's going to be
earnings. Okay. Cuz step back again and
and your comments at the beginning,
President Trump wants to have this
meeting go very well with Xi. I I think
if anything, he's got the memory of the
two of them sort of hand in hand at Mara
Lago all those years ago. and thinking
about that same kind of positivity. Uh
and look there are a number of issues
that you know real honest to goodness
wins can be scored in the here and now
although there's going to be you know
further negotiation that will certainly
be going on. Uh but again for us it is
the same story that it has been that was
at the trough in April is that earnings
are going to be good. The question is
how much in the here and now is priced
in the stocks.
>> You wrote the note this morning and
published the calm before the Mac 7
storm. Let's talk about some of those
names. Microsoft Meta, Alphabet, Apple,
Amazon, different businesses there. And
I know you can't do single names, but
what's the single metric you're focused
on? What's the source of concern?
>> Well, it's it's basically going to be
commentary
rather than hard numbers. commentary
about the AI revolution. And frankly,
when you see uh stocks uh respond the
way they did to the news that we had in
AI yesterday, the news that we have this
morning on AI, our belief is is that the
positivity is going to continue. And and
in some of our channel checks, what
we're hearing now is what we hope to
hear is that some companies are saying
we see capex spend visibility now out to
early 2027. And that's different. And
that's been, if you look at the last
year and a half, part of what continues
to move things along is that capex peak
that everyone's been concerned about,
continues to be moved out in time.
>> Julian, yesterday we had another story
in terms of circular financing, what it
feels like when it comes to Nvidia and
Nokia. Are you concerned about this when
when we get these results? I it is
ultimately likely to be something that's
concerning particularly uh in some of
these companies that have had to issue
debt to make these deals happen. But by
and large at the moment when you think
about where the capex is coming from, it
is from companies with huge huge earning
streams. And to us that that enables the
story particularly environment where
again remember we were worried at some
point that the 10-year yield was going
to go through 5%. And here we are below
4% and credit speds remain near their
tights. So at some point that may be a
concern but that's off in the distance
for us.
>> The president's tone on the Blackwell
chip. Does that set the tone for how
potentially some of these other tech
firms might be approaching doing
business with China? I
>> I think it's going to be much more of a
case-bycase basis. And look, you know,
think about the tie-ups that the Trump
administration has announced, the
stakes, the deals. A lot of this is
going through the Oval Office. And I
think a lot of it is going to be a
narrative that's crafted by the
administration. I understand based on
what you've said so far. Constructive
over the medium to long term on
equities. Got that. You think there
might be some vulnerabilities in the
short term because people are getting so
bullish. Let's me share with you a
really punchy call that was shared on
this program yesterday. It came from
Osen Quan of Wells Fargo. We see a
reasonable upside to 7100 on the S&P by
year end. Our call is to buy lowquality
junk high beta AI capex beneficiaries a
full risk on trade. When you think about
maybe the source of volatility into year
end, we've discussed that. What do you
think is the fragile part of the equity
market right now that you'd be pulling
back on, pulling back from? Well, and
again, we have to distinguish the short
term from actually the medium in the
long term. And part of the reason that
we're not fully committed to this idea
that stocks could pull back is because
seasonality is so incredibly positive uh
in general. That may be an offset to the
extreme bullish sentiment that we're
seeing. You know, years like 1999, you
had a continued rip. But frankly, I I if
the market is going to pull back, it
will be because you'll see good earnings
announcements and the stocks won't
respond positively in the AI theme.
>> Does this feel like 99 to you?
>> Not yet. Not yet. And and one of the big
different two big differences. Number
one, the Fed was hiking in the second
half of 1999. And number two, when you
look at the internals of the market,
right, the advanced declines day in and
day out, they were moving lower for two
whole years prior to the bubble top in
19 in 2000. They're moving higher with
the index indexes.
>> Yesterday was a peculiar session. 398
decliners on the S&P 500. Hardly any of
them index was in positive territory on
a day when we finished higher. explain
what yesterday was. What's the takeaway
for you?
>> Yesterday was one of those days that
give us pause about the excessive
bullishness right now and really
concentrated in the AI theme basically,
you know,
in the leadup to the news that we hear
this morning, which is, you know,
further upside.
>> How will you know when we're in 1999?
>> Uh, we will see.
So here's the evercore ISI take on it is
that in the morning meeting we have a
lot of research. We present fundamental,
we present macro. When we start having
morning meetings that are all about
deals and there's no room to present
research, that's part of when we'll know
and and it happened before. We've seen
it uh it happened in in the the 2021
time. It happened in 2007. It will
happen again.
>> Julian a clinic. It's good to see you.
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.
Julian Emanuel of Evercore ISI equity
futures this morning positive by a tenth
of 1%. What a 24 hours we've got coming
up for you. Alltime highs heading into
major tech earnings, a Federal Reserve
decision and a key trade meeting in
South Korea between the US and China
with an update on stories worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Let's cross over
to Yahara for more. Hey Yahara.
>> Hi John. President Donald Trump is in
South Korea where he just reached a
trade deal with the country ahead of
tomorrow's meeting with Chinese
President Xiinping. Speaking to
reporters aboard Air Force One on his
way to Korea, Trump said he expects to
lower tariffs on Chinese goods over
fentinel, the fentinel crisis, and that
he will speak with she about giving
China access to Nvidia's Blackwell AI
chips. Meanwhile, UBS announced third
quarter earnings that beat analyst
estimates as investment banking revenue
and lower than forecast legal costs
[music] boosted its performance. Though
shares are down 1.3%.
CEO Sergio Aramati defended the [music]
company's exposure to the bankrupt first
brands, calling the scrutiny a witch
hunt, insisting investors were were
aware [music] of the risks.
And Uber plans to build a fleet of
100,000 autonomous vehicles powered by
Nvidia technology. Nvidia says the
companies expect the expansion to start
in 2027. The move could help bring down
the cost of [music] offering hailable
robo taxis to consumers. Stalantis will
be among the first automakers to deliver
those Nvidia powered robo taxis to Uber.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yihara in
about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program, hoping [music] for a
breakthrough
>> probably. You know that the presidency
of China is coming tomorrow here and
we're going to be uh I hope making a
deal. I think we're going to have a
deal. I think it'll be a good deal for
for both.
>> That conversation up next with Mary
Lovely of the Peterson Institute live
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
[music]
Your day ahead looks like this. 2 p.m.
Eastern time, a Federal Reserve interest
rate decision. 30 minutes later, [music]
chairman pound news conference after the
close, earnings from Meta, Google,
[music] and Microsoft. Onto tomorrow, a
conversation between the US and Chinese
leader sitting down in South Korea to
discuss trade. The president's
priorities have been well articulated
over the last weeks. We've been talking
about soybeans, rare earths, all kind of
things around what happens next. We
weren't talking about this. This quote
from the president on Air Force One will
be speaking about Blackwell. The stock
is up on Nvidia by more than 3%. [music]
Where did that come from?
>> This isn't just any chip. This is what
Nvidia has to offer in terms of their
most high advanced processors [music]
and potentially the president is saying
this is going to be discussed. Pardon
the pun. Literally [music] putting the
chip on the table for Beijing. This
would be a massive win. [music] And you
have to ask yourself what for? What did
we hear this morning? China's going
[music] to b buy a few cargos of
soybeans. So, United States is willing
to give their most advanced technology
in exchange for some agricultural
products. That is where this
relationship stands right now.
>> Stock is up by 3.3%. It's given a lift
to this equity market positive by 0.2.
On the S&P 500 [music] on the Nasdaq, up
by 0.3
Savas this morning, hoping for a
breakthrough.
On this trip alone, I've signed
groundbreaking agreements with Malaysia,
Cambodia, Japan. Our deal with the
Republic of Korea will be finalized uh
very soon, like probably you know that
the presidency of China is coming
tomorrow here and we're going to be uh I
hope making a deal. I think we're going
to have a deal. I think it'll be a good
deal for for both.
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
President Trump planning to lower
tariffs on China over the fentinel
crisis as China buys its first US
soybeans in months ahead of tomorrow's
face-to-face meeting with President Xi.
Joining us now from South Korea is
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall. Tyler, is the
president to go willing to go even one
step further?
Well, John, at this point, we're going
to have to wait and see, but it does
appear that the contours of an apparent
US China trade agreement is expanding
beyond just a pullback in the recent
tensions. President Trump telling
reporters on Air Force One he's going to
bring up Nvidia's Blackwell chip. Now,
President Trump months ago had suggested
that he consider letting the company
sell a downgraded version of its
processor, but this would be considered
to be a big win for the company, which
has been trying to regain market access
in China since at least 2022. Now, of
course, nothing's been finalized, but I
have to say, if you're a defense hawk
waking up in Washington today, you might
be in a tricky position if you've
previously advocated against such sales
over national security concerns. Now,
you also were talking about fentanyl
earlier, and that's another key part of
this, and it continues the trend because
this hasn't been a recent escalation.
These tariffs have been in place since
the beginning of this Trump
administration. This very likely would
look like China putting on export curbs
when it comes to the so-called precursor
chemicals that are used to make fentanyl
in exchange for a tariff cut. Of course,
as you all know, now 20% of the tariff
that's currently in place on China is
com is uh tied over these concerns. and
John, our analysts at Bloomberg
Economics, of course, have already
crunched the numbers. They say that if
China uh sees their fentanyl tariffs cut
in half, so to 10%, it would mean China
loses 10% of its exports to the US going
forward. Compare that to 70% as the
status quo stands now.
>> Tyler Kendall with the latest in South
Korea tracking events for us over the
next 24 hours. Tyler, thank you. Let's
stick with the US and China. Mary Lovely
of the Peterson Institute writing,
"Systemic issues will not be addressed
in this round. we're unlikely to see
much progress. Mary joins us now for
more. Mary, welcome to the program. Just
first question, what do you regard as a
systemic issue with regards to the US
and China?
>> Well, we see some of these systemic
issues in Trump one uh treatment of US
intellectual property. Uh but there's a
whole host of issues having to do with
uh what the US perceives as uh ex uh
bans or barriers that prevent US exports
uh into the country and contribute to
the lopsided uh trade balance between
the two. Uh we have questions from
businesses that uh American businesses
operating in China in terms of export
bans and other things that prevent them
from having their own personnel in
place. Uh there's a whole variety of
issues that have contributed to this
tension. Uh including older issues which
you'll remember from the first trade
war, John. Things like industrial
subsidies, China's support for uh uh
firms uh through their state banking
system, other things that make Chinese
uh exports uber competitive in the West.
>> Mary, the president telling reporters
that they're going to be speaking about
Blackwell. This is one of the most
advanced AI chips the United States has
access to. Is the president, if he
allows Beijing to buy these chips, is
the president rewarding bad behavior?
>> Well, I guess it depends on how you look
at it. I think there is a bigger issue
here, which is how do we protect US
national security? And as you know,
there is some contention within the
Trump administration as to how best that
can be done. There of course continue to
be so-called China hawks who want the US
to do everything it can to prevent the
most advanced technologies from falling
into Chinese hands. There are others who
believe that and this has been said by
the president that one of the things we
might want we want to do is to get the
Chinese addicted to US chips, US tech.
Uh so I think that we're seeing some
difference in opinion. We always knew it
was going to come down to President
Trump's decision. President Trump is a
dealmaker. He would like to see uh an
increase in US commerce, US sales to
China. And of course, these chips are a
primary way that can be done.
>> How much influence do you think someone
like Jensen Wong has had on the
president?
>> I think the tech community in general
has had an outsiz uh influence on the
president uh not only through this but
in terms of his behavior toward crypto
uh and crypto regulation and and other
and other issues. for example, in these
trade deals that he's signing with other
countries, we're seeing uh a promise by
other countries that they won't levy
digital service taxes and other kinds of
taxes that might impede US tech roll out
to other countries. So, in general, I
think he's been a very tech- friendly
president.
>> We have the contours of some sort of
agreement that they're going to reach
tomorrow. What comes next? Where does
this leave the relationship for 2026?
Well, it reduces the tensions and
potentially restores some market access
to China. Uh, for example, by rolling
back those fentanil fentanel taxes by 10
percentage points, China will get down
closer to 45 uh% or even 40% average
tariff rate. Uh, which means that the
pressure on Chinese companies to go out
uh build their factories in other
countries will be lessened. So, we're
going to see a significant decrease in
tensions. Then I think there's a hope on
the US side that we can turn to issues
which have prevented chi uh US exporters
from gaining more of the Chinese market.
Uh so I think probably or surely
secretary Bessant trade representative
Greer have a whole host of issues uh
that they want to discuss with the
Chinese including as I mentioned before
industrial subsidies uh subsidies that
come through the U uh Chinese state
banking system in included. Do you think
China is willing willing and ready to
make those changes?
>> I think China is willing to make some
changes, not all that the US wants. Uh
China right now is of course uh
struggling a little bit to revive its
its uh local demand. Um it does not want
to be as dependent on net exports. Net
exports from China grew by 36% in the
year to date. uh that means that a lot
of Chinese growth is dependent on the
rest of the world accepting uh their
exports and for many countries that
means accepting that they'll be
permanently in a trade deficit position.
So China knows that this reliance on net
exports is really not sustainable and
they're looking for alternatives to
that. So I think some of these changes
are within uh the realm of things that
Chinese uh authorities want to do. But
when it comes to putting their
development first, relying on uh growth
in their tech industry, the diffusion of
AI throughout their manufacturing and
continued uh you know emphasis on
industrial development, those are not
going to change.
>> Mary, you know about these issues far
better than I, but this is a
conversation that you and I could have
had 10 years ago. And back then we were
talking about Chinese overcapacity and
people said the same thing that it
wasn't sustainable. They needed to
change. They understand that. And here
we are 10 years later and they're on
course to run a record surplus this year
even without substantial trade with the
United States. Mary, in your mind at the
moment in the history that you've been
following this, what makes this
unsustainable? What would stop them from
doing what they've been doing for such a
long time?
>> Well, they are really struggling.
Obviously, they need to buy more of the
things they make domestically. Yet,
Chinese domestic demand has really been
more abundant. people don't have a good
outlook for the future. Firms um
investment outside of the tech sector
has been uh you know lackluster as well.
So they really need to revive their own
economy if they're going to you know
continue to have moderate growth so
about 5% uh and not sell all that all
those products to the rest of the world.
I think not only the US trade barriers
but but traction that's being imposed by
other countries including uh in more
friendly areas like the Southeast Asia
uh who are beginning to see a flood of
Chinese imports that are hurting their
own domestic producers. I think this
response is does have the attention of
the Chinese authorities. The question is
just now how can they revive domestic
demand? I'm just back from Shanghai,
John, and I think that this was a major
topic of discussion. Uh they're talking
about new things. Obviously, investment
in the real estate sector is out. They
have a lot of infrastructure. They don't
need more bridges and roads. They're
talking about things like social
infrastructure, uh helping uh local
governments to build uh things that will
help people's lives, including uh
restoring uh old buildings that need
refurbishing, uh things that will help
with uh children and the elderly, the
health care sector. These are areas
where they're starting to look and we
hope we will see some action by the
Chinese authorities to do some kind of
fiscal stimulus in this area. Mary, we
hope been saying for it it for a while,
haven't we? Mary Lovely of the Peterson
Institute. I think many people share
that hope as well. The Treasury
Secretary has been so clear about this
ever since he sat in this seat at the
start of the year. The greatest
imbalance in the global economy is
Chinese over capacity. All these flashy
headlines around trade that support
equity markets. I get it. It's
important. Let's move on. But that big
issue is not going anywhere. And it's
[music] an issue that needs to be
tackled.
>> And it's really difficult to tackle this
issue. Although I will say China did
signal they want to try. They pledged to
quote significantly boost the share of
their consumption in their own economy
just this week.
>> Up next on the program, Greg Deco of EY
as we count you down to a Federal
Reserve decision.
Julian Emanuel of EverOR on the program
just moments ago calling it the car
before the Max 7 storm. Some big
earnings after the closing bell. A big
Federal Reserve interest rate decision
later on this afternoon as well. Equity
futures into that look like this.
Positive by 2/10en of 1% on the S&P up
by a third on the Nasdaq. On the S&P
500, a 4day winning [music] streak. The
longest run in about 3 weeks. Over that
period, we've added an almost solid 3%
to the benchmark here state side. That's
the equity story in the bond market.
Twos, 10, 30s. Last time the Fed met
that morning, twos [music] around 350.
10 around 4%. Where are we this morning?
350 on twos around 4% on tens. deal time
by just a single basis [music] point on
your 10-year 3980 this morning. That's a
story in equities and bonds. Let's get
you some single names. Here's Danny with
more. Hey Danny.
>> John, it's the 5 trillion elephant in
the room and it is the gains that
continue for Nvidia this morning up
three and a half%. You've been speaking
about that this morning that if we do
open at this level, we'll open at a $5
trillion market cap. The latest boost
comes from the conversations and the
expectations that presidents Trump and
she will reach an [music] agreement uh
around fentinel and other trade issues
and also that blackwell chips are being
discussed with China. So again those
shares up three and a half%. A lot of
earnings to look forward to but we've
already had some released late yesterday
and this morning one of them this is a
health [music] insurance provider. What
a turn in fortune. Shares are up 11 12%
in the pre-market. This is a company
that had a historic plunge in July. The
concern for [music] them was the high
prices for the medical insurance company
weighing on them, but they beat on their
earnings. So that's assuaging some of
those fears. [music] Finally wrapping
things up this morning with Manderly a
big old decline of 4 5.4%. They cut
their outlook. They see organic growth
sales for 2025 [music] at 4%. Previously
it was 5%. the executive saying that it
is a cautious consumer that there are
issues with higher prices, specifically
cocoa prices, and you're seeing buyers
pull back because of that price
sensitivity. John
>> Danny, [music] thank you. Appreciate it.
One more number for you. It comes from
Caterpillar. It's a beat on the top and
bottom line. Revenue comes in at 17.64
billion. The estimate 16.71. EPS 495,
the estimate 451. The story in the
pre-market shaping up as follows.
Caterpillar higher by 2.6% 6% so far in
early trading. That's the story with
some of the earnings. More still to
come, of course, with tech after the
closing bell. On our radar this morning,
we looked to the banks. UBS CEO Sergio
Emati defending the company's exposure
to the bankrupt first brands group
calling the security scrutiny a witch
hunt. Marti insisting investors were
aware of the risks and won't change
procedures moving forward. A second
story from Nvidia. Shares up soaring on
new optimism. President Donald Trump
saying he plans to discuss the black
wild chip with China Xi Jinping on
Thursday, potentially allowing sales of
the AI processor in the country. The
stock is up by 3.5%. And finally on the
agenda for tomorrow's meeting, President
Trump expected to cut US tariffs on
Chinese goods related to the fentinel
crisis. The Wall Street Journal
reporting the president is considering
cutting the 20% tariff to as low as 10%.
Julian Emanuel on the program from
Everor with us just moments ago and I
think he put it very well. Based on what
we've heard so far, all indications
point to a president who wants this
meeting to go well.
>> He he does want it to go well and he
says he thinks that it will be a
significant meeting that they're both
going to walk away with something.
Remember when he talks about China, he
also talks about this relationship he
has with Xi Jinping and that he doesn't
want to hurt China but he wants it to be
fair. very different in terms of what we
are expecting now from this meeting when
you introduce the fact that the
president says they will talk about
Blackwell. Now, we don't know if the
United States is really going to open
the floodgates and allow Nvidia to sell
these chips into China, especially in
July. Remember Howard Lutnick, his
commerce secretary was out and about
talking about we're not going to give
them our first best tech, second or
third, maybe our fourth best chip. No,
no, no. This is prime chip for China to
get their hands on. So it's taking on a
little bit more significance now than it
did over the weekend. We heard from
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson and
Ambassador Greer.
>> So two very different approaches to the
AI story of the moment. The US versus
China. They've been well discussed on
this program. The US throwing tons of
money at the situation in China are
focused on hyperefficiency necessary
because they don't have the goods that
the US companies have the access to. So
what is the argument to give them this
access? What is the argument that comes
from Nvidia, the Nvidia boss and other
people down in Washington too? Well,
Mary Lovely, I think, really pointed to
this friction within the Trump
administration. There are still,
although they're becoming less of a
number, there are still national
security China hawks within the
administration and in Washington DC. But
there is a new approach from some
members of the Trump administration,
especially those that come from the tech
sector or influenced by the tech sector
or Jensen Wong himself, who the
president said was in the Oval Office
just three days ago showing him some of
these chips. They want China and the
rest of the world to get addicted to US
tech and the only way to they to do that
they say is to get them addicted is to
sell them these chips.
>> Nvidia in the pre-market higher by
around 3% through most of this morning.
Turning to the Federal Reserve policy
makers widely expected to continue their
rate cutting cycle later on this
afternoon. Greg Do of EY saying we
anticipate that the pace of rate cuts in
26 will be more measured than current
market expectations suggest. Greg joins
us now for more. Greg, good morning sir.
Let's just start with the meeting right
in front of us and the decision later on
this afternoon. What are you focused on?
>> Well, I think I'm focused on three
things. Uh, one, how Fed policy makers
approach this notion that the effect of
tariffs on inflation is going to be
transitory. Uh, that's an open question,
but it seems like that is indeed the
case given the latest CPI data where we
have a gradual and uneven pass through
of tariffs, but we have some offsetting
effects from shelter cost disinflation.
The second key question is really how
weak the labor market is. And there the
evidence is a little bit more mixed. We
have slower payroll growth. We have
evidence of a slight rise in initial
claims for unemployment and we have
downward pressure on wage growth. But
it's not like there is any type of
significant collapse in the labor
market. And three, it's how restrictive
monetary policy is. And there again, the
evidence is quite mixed. For some
consumers, we have restrictive monetary
policy conditions that are limiting the
ability of lowerend and median income
consumers to spend. And for some
businesses outside of the AI space,
we're not seeing much forward momentum,
which again indicates that monetary
policy restrictive. So a very split
committee likely over the course of the
next few months and into 2026.
>> And Greg, we're doing this. We're
conducting this meeting with limited
access to a full data set, which makes
it even more complicated. Reading the
research, Bank of America, Deutsche
Bank, Morgan Stanley, all suggesting
it's difficult for the chairman to
provide guidance beyond the October
meeting. Does that limit the scope for a
doubbish twist in today's meeting this
afternoon?
>> Yeah, I think Fed Chair Powell will want
to preserve some optionality because as
you've been saying, uh, the Fed is
extremely data dependent and in the
absence of official statistics, it's
going to be very difficult to really
base anyone's view on the latest
numbers. Outside of CPI, which proved to
be a little bit lower than expected, we
don't really have any strong economic
data. So the Fed chair is likely to
emphasize again that there is no
risk-free path for monetary policy when
the two mandates are moving in opposing
directions. And as a result, he's going
to essentially want to leave the door
open to either maintaining the Fed funds
rate unchanged by the end of the year,
depending on how the data flows, or
potentially suggesting that there is
going to be some further easing
depending on again how soft the labor
market is and how transitory the effect
of tariffs on inflation is. I think one
thing you just raised which is very
important is the direction of travel of
trade relations between the US and
China. One of the key potential upsides
to the US economy is essentially a
lowering of tariffs visav major trading
partners. If we have more stability,
more clarity, reduced policy
uncertainty, and lower tariff rates,
then that's going to be a net boost for
the economy going into 2026. And it will
lower inflationary pressures which could
open the door to the Fed easing more
easily and having less difficulty in
justifying any type of neutralizing of
monetary policy.
>> Greg, tomorrow the tariff rate on China
might be 45% if they cut the fentinel
tariff in half, which the president is
signaling this is under discussion.
Would that ease the concern of the hawks
on the FOMC?
I think it certainly eases the fact that
we have a potential for inflation to
continue to accelerate. Uh if we have
the status quo environment where tariffs
remain unchanged, our expectation is
that the net lift to CPI inflation is
going to be between about 3/4 of a
percentage point and 1 percentage point.
So that's a significant lift in terms of
inflation. It's not comparable in any
manner to what we experienced back in
2021 when inflation surged towards 9%.
But it is still a movement away from the
2% target. If we have an easing of
tariffs visav China, a major trading
partner and potentially some
stabilization or potentially some deals
being cut out with South Korea, with
Japan, with other trading partners, then
that would essentially limit the upside
to inflation, which as we know has been
really gradual and uneven. So there is a
potential for lower inflationary
pressures, lower downward pressure on
employment and labor demand. And as a
result, this could essentially favor the
Fed proceeding with a more um easier
neutralization of monetary policy
because remember, we're not talking
about easing monetary policy per se.
We're really talking about moving from a
restrictive monetary policy stance
towards one that's closer to neutral. To
your point, Greg, this can cut both ways
and we're highly dependent on the policy
decisions that may develop in the White
House. There's a quote of yours that we
brought up at the start of the
conversation. I actually want to go back
to it and deal with one thing in it. We
anticipate that the rate cuts, the pace
of rate cuts in 2026 will be more
measured than current market
expectations suggest. The piece of that
I want to deal with, Greg, is the number
2026. How do you define the year? Is it
from January to May and then May to
December when we get a change in the Fed
share or is it the whole year? When you
talk about 2026, what are you talking
about?
>> I think it's the whole year. Uh because
we're going to see, John, uh a change in
the leadership over the course of 2026.
So we may have a more dovish lean
towards the Fed leadership with Governor
Waller, Governor Bowman, Governor Myron,
uh, and a new potential Fed chair that
all lean towards a more dovish monetary
policy stance. But at the same time,
we'll also get a rotation of regional
Fed presidents that may tilt more
hawkish. So the split that we're
currently seeing within the FOMC and
remember in September uh we had
essentially 10 policy makers that were
favoring three or more rate cuts and
nine policy makers that were favoring
two or fewer rate cuts. So a great
degree of polarization. That
polarization is likely to get only worse
over the course of 2026. And I think
that markets by just basing themselves
on the median dot plot of rate
expectations may be misguided that there
might not be as much easing of monetary
policy. And remember there are two key
questions here. Are we seeing a
transitory effect from tariffs? And what
is going to be the state of tariffs in
2026? And are we seeing a significant
labor market slowdown? Or is this more
of a rebalancing this curious balance
that Fed chair Powell has been talking
about where labor supply has been hit
significantly to the downside because of
immigration restrictions and labor
demand is only marginally weaker than
what we've seen to the labor supply.
That those are going to be the key
questions for 2026. Greg, this was
great. Appreciate it, sir. Thank you.
Greg Deo of EY. Greg's point at the end
there is so so important. When we get
the so-called dot plot in the summary of
economic projections, and we talk about
it on this program on Fed decision day,
we always focus on immediate. What
Greg's talking about here is the focus
on the dispersion, focus on the spread,
the distance between the hawks and the
doves, and just how wide and messy
things are getting going into 26
>> and how difficult it's going to be for
that new Fed chair once J. Powell does
step aside, whether it's Waller, Bowman,
Rick Reer, who depends it's going to be,
how difficult it's going to be for that
individual to get them on board for
potentially where they see this economy
going.
>> Record highs in the stock market up
again this morning by 0.2% on the S&P
500 for an update of news worldwide.
With your Bloomberg brief, let's cross
over to Yahara for more. Hey yra.
>> Hi, John. President Trump defended
Israel's new strikes against Hamas,
saying he thinks the peace deal he
brokered will hold. Speaking aboard Air
Force One on his way to South Korea,
Trump said the Israelis had the right to
hit back after attacks on soldiers in
Gaza. Hamas denies any involvement.
Meanwhile, Hurricane Melissa made
landfall in Cuba after becoming the
strongest recorded storm to strike
Jamaica. [music]
The storm left hundreds of thousands
without power in Jamaica and forced
hospitals to evacuate. Melissa is
forecast to remain a powerful hurricane
as it moves toward the Bahamas with
heavy winds and rains [music] expected
to pick up across Bermuda late in the
week. And President Trump conceded he
can't run for president again. Trump
said, quote, "It's pretty clear the
Constitution doesn't allow him to seek a
third term." Trump has frequently
floated the idea of another run,
including showing off Trump 2028 hats
despite the constitutional limit. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yahara in
the next hour in about 30 minutes from
now. Up next on the program, confidence
in AI.
I don't believe we're in an AI bubble.
And the reason for that is we're going
through a natural transition from a old
computing model based on general purpose
computing to accelerated computing. It's
now generating tokens and now generating
intelligence that's worth paying for.
>> That was Jensen Wag of Nvidia. Out of
everybody we talked to and interview,
he's the last guy I expect [music] to
tell me whether we're in an AI bubble or
not.
>> Exactly. Because why would he? He is if
there is a so-called bubble, he is part
of it. He is actually the ring leader of
this bubble.
>> That stock is up by 3.6% this morning.
Up next, Pierre Farakut of New Street
Research joins us to break down this
move this morning. from New York City.
You're watching Blimbeck TV.
[music]
Later on this afternoon at about 1:30
p.m. Eastern time, a Federal Reserve
decision special coming right up. Full
coverage. It looks a little something
like this with Bob Michael of JP Morgan,
[music] the former Fed vice chair
Richard Clarid, Kathy Jones of Charles
Swab, Torson Slock of Apollo, and a
whole lot more. TK will make it into the
studio, I'm told. So we'll be covering
the Federal Reserve decision a little
bit later. 1:30 Eastern, coverage begins
[music]
2 p.m. the decision. 30 minutes later,
we'll take that news conference with
Chairman Pal in full. Into that, equity
futures adding some weight to the recent
rally. Equity futures this morning by
0.2% on the S&P on the NASDAQ 100 up by
0.3
all-time highs in the equity market and
a rally for Nvidia. Under the
surveillance this morning, confidence
[music] in AI.
I don't believe we're in an AI bubble.
And the reason for that is we're going
through a natural transition from a old
computing model based on general purpose
computing to accelerated computing. We
also know that AI has now become good
enough because of reasoning
capabilities, research capabilities, its
ability to think. It's now generating
tokens and now generating intelligence
that's worth paying for. So here's the
latest this morning. Nvidia extending
gains after President Trump said he will
discuss the chipmakers Blackwell AI
processes with the Chinese leader.
Pierre Fedu of New Street Research
keeping a buy rating on the stock with a
price target of 235.
Pierre that quote from the president
overnight and welcome to the program.
Let me read it out for you. It's very
basic, very simple. It's worth a few
hundred billion apparently to this
market cap. We'll be speaking about
Blackwells Pierre. How important is that
that we're opening the door to Nvidia
being able to sell the high-end chips
into China?
>> Well, John, think about it in absolute
terms. Nvidia historically um had like
20 25% of their revenues coming from
China. Uh so we are talking like a $50
billion annual
uh revenue opportunity. So yes, as you
say, easily worth a few a few hundred
billion dollars. Um now if you take a
step back uh the almost like uh like the
surprising perspective is that given the
scale of the success of Nvidia it's
actually a relatively small moving part.
Uh when you compare that to what Yansen
said yesterday in in Washington he said
he was expecting like a half a trillion
dollar of accumulated revenue for the
black well and ribbon uh product cycle
this year and next year. uh we are
talking here numbers that are like 50%
above what consensus expectations are
today. So uh it's a very very nice
comments from the president on the on
the duber super chips is actually a
small moving part this morning compared
to uh what what Jensen said uh
yesterday. Yesterday said the market is
still accelerating which is very very
impressive. He also said that China has
made it clear they don't want Nvidia
there right now even though the
president has allowed some licensing for
some chips if China can get their hands
on Blackwell. Will they then want Nvidia
in their marketplace?
>> Yes, of course. What you see in the
market is that um and you know we could
talk about China this morning. We could
talk about Microsoft about OpenAI about
uh about Amazon. Nobody wants Nvidia.
Everybody is worry about like the market
power they have. But nobody can afford
not to use Nvidia if um if they can
because today being able to use Nvidia
chips um gives you [clears throat] an um
a decisive advantage in terms of time to
market. You can get stuff going
immediately at the highest possible
performance. But everybody in the long
term is working on uh you know
alternatives to Nvidia to to keep
Nvidia's market power in check. And so
you see OpenAI signing giant deals with
AMD. You see everybody developing their
own ASIC and China is no different. Um
they're developing their alternatives.
But if tomorrow they can get a few black
wells, they would take them immediately.
>> Nvidia is clearly looking for an
opportunity here Pierre and an
opportunity that the president is
offering them. But I just wonder to what
extent China's been successful without
access to the highest chips, the
high-end chips. Pierre, it feels like
deepsek was a moment that happened. We
wrestled with it and just moved on. But
from the people we speak to, Pierre, it
looks like China's been hyperfocused on
efficiency and the US is going in a
different direction. Yeah. If you look
at the strategies of either the US and
China at the moment, who's got the lead
even before discussing access to the
highest end Nvidia chips? Who's got the
lead at the moment?
Well, the lead, it's a great question.
The lead is definitely at the frontier.
It's being first to market with the most
advanced models. Uh, and on that front,
there's absolutely no question the US is
um is um is in a very strong leadership
position. Then now if you look at so so
that's like the technological lead. So
the technological lead is very clearly
in the US. Now you have the industrial
lead, you have like the efficiency lead.
uh players like DeepSync are very uh uh
are very are very good at making models
more more efficient at distilling models
uh and so they play a very significant
role but what when it comes to getting
access to the largest clusters and
running the most advanced models all
that is happening in the US for sure
>> so clearly we're getting a move in the
pre-market off the back of the story
stock is up by close to 4% pier I need
to talk about the earnings with you as
well so tech stories of today it's going
to be Microsoft Meta and Alphabet
tomorrow, Apple and Amazon. Pierre,
looking across those names, any
vulnerabilities for you and the team?
>> Um, so well, I think the street is still
digesting what Yensen said yesterday in
terms of like the 2026 outlook in terms
of AI infrastructure spending. So really
what we're going to look at is um all
comments from hyperscalers. Do we see
like a confirmation of Yensen's forecast
in in the way they talk about their
capex and their spending
spending plans? And then in in terms of
vulnerabilities, no, very difficult to
see that we we're definitely like in a
bullw week where everything seems to be
like accelerating and even when you look
at Apple um who is not like best best
position uh player in the in the AI race
um they have a lot of tailwind at the
moment. The iPhone cycle is actually
playing relatively well for them, which
has generated some very positive vibes
and should turn into a strong earnings
report.
>> Pier, I remember waiting for Apple to
cross that $1 trillion line in the sand.
Can we just reflect on your career
career, Pierre? $5 trillion market caps.
Pierre, how do you sort of internalize
that number just how big that is?
>> Yeah, it's like if you had asked me at
the time, it's it's it's like
unbelievable. And and the thing is that
it's part of a broader um of course of a
broader broader phenomenon and like the
number of multi- trillion dollar market
cap that we we have now in technology.
It's it's mind-blowing of of growth and
of like the concentration of uh economic
value in uh in tech names. It's like
really mind-blowing. and specifically on
Apple. Um Apple like is a very low
growth very like legacy type of
franchise now in the AI world.
It's difficult for them to to find the
right grip on AI but it remains a very
very uh high multiple expensive stock
because like the market is still valuing
the the quality of the franchise. So
that so adding this thing one one on top
of the other yes you end up like at
almost $5 trillion of market capital.
>> Just amazing. Amazing. And Pierre, thank
you sir. It's good to see you as always.
Pierre Fergo there of New Street
Research. $5 trillion. The UK market
feels almost provincial. That's one
single name, $5 trillion. The whole UK
market, the footy 100 to be very
specific here, is 2.5 trillion sterling.
>> And yet individuals keep coming on the
show like Pierre. Almost everyone but
one person has a buy rating on this
stock and they expect Nvidia to continue
growing. Yesterday, not just Jensen Wong
was asked about AI bubble. President of
the United States was also asked about
and he said AI what problem is that he's
like it's the internet everyone wants
their hands on it no bubble here
>> if you stand in the US what are you
buying where's the pool of liquidity
that can match that a $5 trillion name
at a $2.5 trillion sterling market the
footy 100 versus Nvidia it's just
bonkers when you think about the people
that come on this program and say you
know I'm going to sell the US and I'm
going to buy say Europe and the UK
really like how does how does that work
coming up on the program Gagi Chadri of
Black Rockck Henry Trees of Vader
partners Tony Wong of Tro Price and
Blake [music] Whit of RBC from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
If the Max 7 can continue to deliver,
that continues to drive a lot of upside.
>> The large cap stocks appear to be the
most resilient.
>> It's really going to be driven by
earnings.
>> We think it ends up being potentially a
bubble in earnings down the road. It's
really guidance that matters as you wind
up working your way through.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music]
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
And your scores look like this. Equally
futures on the S&P adding some [music]
weight to a record-breaking rally. 4-day
winning streak on the S&P up another 210
of 1% on the S&P 500. On the NASDAQ, up
by [music] 0.3. In the bond market,
twos, tens, and 30s at the front end,
almost exactly where we were when the
Fed last [music] met. 350 on twos, 4% on
tens. 398 this morning. Yields are
higher by a single basis point on a
10-year maturity. The day ahead is
absolutely stacked. As we said in the
last hour, the week begins right now.
The Federal Reserve meeting later on
this afternoon. Chairman Pal Presser as
well. After the market earnings from
Meta, Google, [music] Microsoft, and
then tomorrow, the president sitting
down with China Xi Jinping on the table.
So rare earths [music] fentinel okay
soybeans got that well articulated super
well communicated over the last week.
What do we miss this? [music] Apparently
President Trump on Air Force One will be
speaking about black welds.
>> The super duper chips is how the
president put it and Julian Emanuel in
the last hour [music] talked about how
this is the calm before the Mag 7 storm.
Who needs the mag 7 earnings? And the
president is adding more juice to this
market talking about [music] the fact
that they're going to be discussing.
doesn't mean it's going to happen, but
he's putting on the table the US's
biggest chip that China wants, [music]
and that is literally the back black
well AI processing chip that the
president himself said, "Jensen [music]
Wong came into my office 3 days ago to
show me it." Guess where Jensen Wong is
going to be traveling to? South Korea.
[music] He's going to be meeting the
president, potentially the last
executive to sit down and speak to the
president before he goes and meets Xi
Jinping. stock market likes it and the
pre-market stock is up by 3% to the
hawks, the China hawks in Washington DC
like what they're hearing this morning.
>> Absolutely not. You know, you remember
in 2016, Jonathan, you articulated this
very well in the last hour. The fact
that the president wanted [music] to
take on China. This was something that
was critical for his base and the China
hawks loved it. The China hawks are not
going to like the idea that some of the
highest advanced [music] technology the
United States has might be going into
the Beijing market. [music] But there's
been this huge debate within the Trump
administration, those that are
traditional China hawks and those that
have been heavily influenced [music] by
the tech community that want China and
the rest of the world addicted to US
tech. And at the moment, it seems like
that is the direction of travel that
this administration [music] is taking.
>> Fueling another lear in equities more
broadly, equity futures this morning
positive after a 4-day winning run and
another all-time high at the close in
yesterday's session. And coming up this
hour, [music] we'll catch up with Gagi
Chowry of Black Rockck as AI makes more
waves on Wall Street. Henry Array of
Vader partners with President Trump
predicting a good trade deal with China
and Blake Gwyn of RBC Capital Markets as
investors eye today's Fed decision. We
begin this hour with stocks hitting
fresh records ahead of a Mac 7 earnings
test. Gagi Chadri of Black Rockck
writing investors are looking for proof
that cloud growth is reacelerating and
that massive AI capex is converting into
real paying workloads. Gagi joins us now
for more. Gagi, good morning.
>> Hi, good morning.
>> It's good to see you. So, out of the
three then this week, Fed decision,
trade talks, earnings. Does earnings
take number one spot?
>> Well, the volatility markets seem to
think so. And if you look at what's
priced in in terms of moves per day, it
certainly seems like the earnings are
what's going to be a bigger driver, but
certainly with the Fed, I think we
should uh pay particular attention to
what happens with the balance sheet. I
do think that the 25 basis point rate
cut is very well advertised and very
well priced but it's really about if
they do do something with the balance
sheet runoff and if that gets announced
today obviously we heard from chair
Powell earlier in the month which was
about in the coming months but the
market is expecting for some sound uh
some sort of announcement today so that
would be important and then of course
for the rest of the week it's earnings
and then finally the New York Marathon
>> the New York Marathon for you do you
want do you [laughter] want to share it
up front how many marathons have you
Many the numbers many.
>> We're in the 20s now.
>> We're in the 20s.
>> Okay. And what charity are you
supporting?
>> It's called Shoe for Africa. It's a
charity for children in Kenya and it's
building a hospital.
>> Very cool. So if anyone wants to donate,
of course, reach out.
>> Modest. It's 26. That is insane.
>> 26 is absolutely unreal. We're going to
talk about that later. Let's focus on
this market if we can. QT, what are the
implications of backing off from QT?
>> Absolutely. So, a couple of things.
first recognizing if that does happen
where does the in where do the
reinvestments go I think that's the main
thing does it get reinvest reinvested
back into bills only or is it along all
teners of the curve and obviously if it
is along all teners of the curve that's
more demand coming in for treasury
markets and I do think if we look at
what the long end the very long end 30
years or so have done over the past
month I think there is a little bit of
expectation of that coming back into the
market So if we don't get anything at
all, maybe at least in the very long end
of the curve, we could get a little bit
more of that steepening that we began to
see earlier this year and then it sort
of uh stopped for the moment. But at the
same time, you know, we've talked about
this for a while. This is a really good
opportunity in the markets to clip
coupon, especially if you're in that
belly, maybe that 3 to 10 year part of
the market that still remains. We're
still in a path for the Fed to cut now
and again in December. So very clearly
that's going to be another boost to
equity as well as income markets.
>> The Fed cutting in December, are they
basically accepting a 3% as the new 2%.
>> I don't know that it's 3% per se. If you
think about especially with this last
CPI print, what we saw was that very
sharp and clear deceleration in OEER and
where we saw the inflation was in much
more of the temporary uh areas such as
uh tariff related goods, apparel etc. If
we continue to see that uh deceleration
in OEER in shelter more broadly, I think
you can reach a world by the end of 2026
when you're seeing sort of that 2.5%
core CPI. And I think that is something
that the Fed will accept and be able to
um at least the Fed, you know, the the
future Fed probably will be able to live
with in a world where some of the
inflation that is coming through is
probably more transitory in nature. I
think it's all about shelter and it's
all about OEER and we've seen some very
good numbers on that front.
>> We also have the trade talks happening.
The possible lowering rate of the US
tariff level on China, is that helpful
for the Federal Reserve?
>> I think it has to be. Again, when we
talk about what is the transitory
temporary drivers of inflation, some of
those as we have seen in the core goods
data over the last 3 months are very
much related to those tariff inputs. So
to the extent we now can live in a world
where that tariff rate is severely
higher than last year but not as high as
we had expected. It's not in the 20s
maybe in the mid- teens and it's passing
through slowly. I think that's another
important point. How much is the
consumer bearing? And so far we've only
we haven't seen as much as perhaps
feared in Q1 and Q2. All of those I
think that that rate coming lower maybe
settling in the mid- teens as well as
the transmission mechanism being lower
than originally feared are good for a
Fed that wants to keep interest rates
more moderate.
>> So that's the framework for thinking
about this market. Let's talk about this
market and how to express risk. So
yesterday was an odd session. 398
decliners on the S&P 500. Only 104
stocks advanced. This was very topheavy
led by tech. Don't ask me why it doesn't
add up to 500 on the S&P 500. complained
to someone else. This came from Deutsche
Banker Jim Reed and he put up these
numbers and said there are only 104
advances on the S&P, the fewest in over
two weeks and actually the fewest on an
update as far back as my data on
advances and decliners goes back to
1990.
What's the takeaway from the last 24
hours?
>> I think the takeaway maybe not just for
the last 24 hours, I would say the last
year is that earnings growth is driving
S&P performance and you want to be where
the earnings growth is. And where is
that earnings growth? It is in those
hyperscaler names. It is in AI. And
frankly, it is broadening out a little
bit to broad large cap. And I think
that's where you want to be. I, you
know, could we get a few negative
surprises over the course of the next 3
days? And could that uh maybe bring a
little bit of volatility, some down days
in the market? Absolutely. But is there
a structural story here, especially
around AI monetization? We think so.
We've been talking about this from the
start of the year with respect to our
positive view around AI. And we think as
long as we see that demand as well as
the monetization as well as the user
actually being able to benefit from AI,
we might see that in ad revenues and
such. I think this continues. I think it
might broaden out to more of the larger
cap names instead of just the four or
five hyperscalers. I think that's
something we're looking forward to and
and telling investors to focus on. But
the point about yesterday and a very
small percentage of the index being up
is not a new story. It is a feature of
this market, not a bug. That is where
the earnings growth is.
>> So let's look at the Black Rockck menu.
You're familiar with it more than I am.
Is this just a vanilla S&P 500 market
cap weighted index story? Express risk
that way or is there a more optimal way
to express risk in this equity market?
>> It can be depending on who the investor
is. And again, some people just want,
you know, you're stepping into the
market for the first time and you want
something easy and IVV will do the job
for you. What we are telling investors
though, this is the time to focus on
things like BAI, which is our actively
managed AI uh uh ETF, which again gives
you some of those very specific earning
story in the AI space. We think you
should have that satellite allocation.
The other thing that we're talking about
is if you're thinking about the
broadening out theme with respect to
large caps again that is something you
can do again with a Black Rockck large
cap value or a Black Rockck large cap
it's called BLCR fund which is sort of
the rest of the market with a focus as
well on a large cap tech. And then I
think for many investors out there right
now especially you're getting that six 6
and 1 half 7% income. You no longer have
to wait till you're 85 years old for
fixed income. I own fixed income. I hope
you guys do. Again, focusing on
something like bank earning that 6%
coupon. It's a really great opportunity,
especially with the Fed poised to cut
more.
>> Gagi, this was great. Good luck on
Sunday.
>> Thank you.
>> It's good to have you here ahead of all
of that. Gagi Chadry there at Black
Rockck with a much busier week than than
you and I. Let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahihara with
more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. Caterpillar shares are rising
four and a half% in the pre-market after
the company reported better than
expected top and bottomline beats in the
third quarter. The heavy equipment
makers energy [music] and transportation
business provided a boost amid rising
demand for equipment needed to fuel data
centers for AI.
Meanwhile, China has resumed purchases
of US soybeans. The country reportedly
bought at least two [music] cargos, its
first known purchases of the season. And
the news comes after China and [music]
US and the US reached a broad framework
agreement over the weekend, paving the
way for President Trump and China's
Xiinping [music] to finalize a trade
deal when they meet tomorrow.
And Tesla is prepared to name a new CEO
if Elon Musk steps [music] down over a
disagreement about his pay package. The
chair of the company's board told
Bloomberg Tesla would look internally
[music]
for a new CEO. The board is set to vote
on Musk's $1 trillion pay package next
week. That's your Bloomberg brief. John
[music]
>> Yhara, thank you. Just learning about
the marathon diet as we go. It's
amazing. How many gels are we consuming
[music] over 3 hours?
>> Six. And how many calories are in each
gel?
>> 100 to 160 depending on if they're
caffeinated or not.
>> Okay, there we go. Thank you. I'm
learning something all the time.
>> I'm ordering them right now.
>> You're ordering some gels. All right. Up
next on the program, easing tensions
with China. probably you know that
presidency of China is coming tomorrow
here and we're going to be uh I hope
making a deal. I think we're going to
have a deal. I think it'll be a good
deal for for both.
>> That conversation up next with Henry
Trace of Federa Partners live from New
York City this morning. Good morning
[music]
>> [music]
>> Big day coming up. Lots of earnings
after the closing bow. Meta, Google,
Microsoft, the Federal Reserve, [music]
and Chairman Pal later on this
afternoon. Look out for that 2 p.m.
decision. 2:30 news conference. The
stock in the pre-market we want to focus
on Nvidia knocking the door for a look
at a $5 trillion market cap. [music] The
stock is up by $3.7%. The president
opening the door to selling high-end
chips into China. [music]
>> Whether or not the door remains open and
those Blackwell chips make their way
into China, that remains to be seen. But
the president setting the table by
putting that chip literally on the table
saying, "We're going to be discussing
it, the super duper chip." This was
something no one was tracking this
[music] summer because his own commerce
secretary said there's no way we're
going to give them access to our most
advanced chips. Not our most or second
[music] or third, maybe our fourth most
advanced. That's what they're going to
get access to. That is not the case
today.
>> That move in the pre-market adding to
this move [music] at the index level on
the S&P 500 high by a quarter of 1% on
the NASDAQ up by 0.4. [music] Under
Savannah this morning easing tensions
with China.
On this trip alone, I've signed
groundbreaking agreements with Malaysia,
Cambodia, Japan. Our deal with the
Republic of Korea will be finalized uh
very soon, like probably you know that
the presidency of China is coming
tomorrow here and we're going to be uh I
hope making a deal. I think we're going
to have a deal. I think it'll be a good
deal for for both.
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump looking to trim
China's fentinel related tariffs as
Beijing buys its first US soybeans of
the season. The president said to meet
face tof face with Chinese leader Xi
Jinping tomorrow. Tyler Kendall joins us
now from South Korea. And Tyler, it goes
beyond soybeans and beyond fentinel. The
focus this morning for this market is
what's next for Nvidia.
>> Right. Exactly, John. really feels like
there is a lot more on the table here
because coming out of the trade talks in
Malaysia over the weekend, our general
understanding was the framework that was
going to be in front of the two leaders
to finalize really had to do with a
pullback in the recent escalations. But
now you have President Trump suggesting
that he's going to bring up Nvidia's
Blackwell chips with China and what
would be a major win for the company as
it's been trying to regain Chinese
market access since 2022. I will point
out that we heard from President Trump
in recent months saying that he would
consider allowing the company to sell a
downgraded version of its Blackwell
processor. So, we'll see how this
ultimately shakes out if a deal is made.
But I have to quickly mention that this
really reminded me of a letter that then
Senator Marco Rubio sent to then
commerce secretary Gino Roundo in
September of last year where he called
for the US to presume a posture of what
he called presumed deniability for
export licenses that would send critical
tech to China. He wanted the US to not
allow any sorts of these uh types of
technology to ultimately go to Beijing.
So, while I may be in Korea, I'll give
you uh the Washington angle here, which
is that defense hawks might be waking up
to a tricky position if they previously
advocated for uh John, any sort of
national security concerns against such
a sale like this.
>> Well, Tyler, are there any defense hawks
when it comes to China hawks left in the
Trump administration?
>> Well, we're going to have to see at this
point, right? Because Marco Rubio was
really considered to be one of uh the
staunchest when it came to his position
on China. he uh really uh took a
bipartisan role when he was in the
Senate uh leading a lot of uh bipartisan
legislation when it came to bolstering
our own domestic chip supply chain. I
will say I have my eye on members of
Congress including those that lead the
China Select Committee such as
Congressman [snorts] John Molinar. He
just came out with a statement in the
last week saying that uh he would be uh
urging the Trump administration to have
some caution when it comes to its
dealings with China, particularly around
advanced semiconductors. Of course,
Congress could introduce some sort of
legislation here if we did want to see a
pullback. But it's hard to see how that
would really get through considering
that of course Republicans hold both
chambers even if there's uh some
criticism here. It's hard to see that
they would go against President Trump's
policies.
>> Tyler, thank you. Tal Kendall in South
Korea just ahead of that meeting between
Xiinping and the president of the United
States Donald Trump with us for more
Henry Trees of Vader Partners. Henrieta
we should highlight no decision has been
made as far as we know on this issue but
certainly it's a conversation so let's
have it Henrieta how much influence does
the Nvidia boss have over American
policy?
>> Plainly quite a lot. I'm actually just
recalling who was in the room with the
president when he was being fetted at
Windsor Castle. It wasn't the soybean
farmers or the ranchers that you usually
would equate with the Republican party.
It was Meta. It was open AI. It was all
of Silicon Valley. And this deal that
they're telegraphing right now from
Treasury Secretary Besset and President
Trump suggests that we might get two
shipments of soy, which is less than 1%
of what we sold to China in 2023 to
actually exchange for tremendous amounts
of sales of this incredible Blackwell
chip from Nvidia. So, it's a a real
migration away from the traditional
Republican base and into the Silicon
Valley base for at least the president.
Definitely not the members of Congress
in the House and the Senate, though.
>> Henry, that's where I want to pick up
with you. Tyler really set the stage.
How much friction does this potentially
mean between the Trump administration
and traditional Republican hawks on
China in Congress?
>> It's almost unfathomable. Um, you have
Marco Rubio, as you correctly point out,
is a massive China hawk who has been for
his entire time on Capitol Hill in the
United States Senate as a presidential
candidate himself and now as the um in
the Trump cabinet being clearly usurped
or superseded by JD Vance, who is widely
viewed um in conversations I have with
Republican staff as the next in line to
the uh Trump lineage when it comes to
who would be the Republican candidate in
2028. It's definitely advanced by a
country mile. I think almost 50 points
in data uh in polling. So certainly a
major push away from the China hawk
stance and into whatever Silicon Valley
wants is where the administration is
willing to go even if it's at the
expense of the cattle ranchers, for
example, or the soybean farmers, which
you see now telegraphed live and in
prime time and Twitter wars and social
media posts and things like that. Can
the president and this administration
say they're de-risking from China, but
even having the conversation about
Blackwell with China?
>> You know, it's interesting. We really
want to see the details here because are
these licenses that they're going to
threaten again in a couple of months?
Um, are we taking do we even mean it
when we put software on the table in the
first place just a couple of weeks ago?
How far is this administration willing
really willing to go um in in verbiage
versus in hard and fast reality of
what's going to get sold and started to
be exported? Um those licenses I think
are going to be a constant push and
pull. We shouldn't expect China to ink
any kind of comprehensive deal right
now. They're going to want to drag this
into 2026, 2027. That is their mo. That
is certainly what we saw in the first
Trump term and even in Biden's
intervening term. So, I wouldn't expect
a finalized deal, which means risk
around this is all sort of going to
continue along with us. Um, but
certainly moves on Nvidia speaks to what
the Chinese are prioritizing and what
Trump is willing to give away.
>> Even having this dialogue between
Washington and Beijing on Blackwell,
does it show that China actually didn't
overplay their hand when it comes to the
rare earths?
>> No, definitely not. And not that I can
tell. I mean, they still have a pretty
massive war chest that they can either
use with us or not on soy, and that is a
huge pressure point for the president of
the United States in theory, certainly
from House and Senate Republican
lawmakers. But when China threatens rare
earth and they send envoys out to the
EU, which they did earlier this week,
um, and then speaks to the president and
gets him to the negotiating table to the
point where he's even taking off
fentinel tariffs for a deal that they
reached over the summer. Now it's
permissible to take those fentinel
tariffs off and we don't know what the
deals are on rarer. So I don't think
they overplayed their hand at all. I
think they they played all the hands
that they had and they're in a very
winning position right now.
>> Amry, I'm pleased you brought this up
because I think it's so so important to
what's developing in Asia this morning
and possibly tomorrow as well. It risk
being a strategic misstep because it
risk bringing the Europeans closer to
the United States on a policy of maybe
cutting China off and de-risking. That
was the ultimate risk here. But there's
little evidence that it's influenced the
negotiations in an adverse way for the
Chinese at least based on the
developments we've seen in the last 24
hours. Now things can change in the next
24 hours. I don't know what's going to
happen with these high-end chips. But
the fact they're even up for discussion
at this meeting I think speaks to the
fact that China's got some leverage
here.
>> Absolutely. This was the Black Walls
were never supposed to be on the table.
At least that's was the signaling from
the administration for months. But there
has been this debate behind closed doors
and Jensen Wong obviously one of those
individuals that's been frequently
conversing with the president. There's
been this debate on do we want to be
traditional hawks or do we want to get
China addicted to our technology. If you
want to get them addicted to our
technology and not make their own I
guess maybe they could steal it then
sell them the high-end chips.
>> Henrietta does it undermine the national
security argument if the national
security assessment changes every six
months? Yeah, and you know, honestly,
Emry just makes the best point. The
section 301 investigation that launched
this entire war in 2018 in the first
place was over intellectual property
theft, forced tech transfer, exactly the
things that had nothing to do with the
phase one trade deal, which was
exclusively about soybeans. That even
that piece wasn't acknowledged and we
never started a phase 2 negotiation. So
to think that now here we are dealing
with the potential for forced tech
transfer, intellectual property theft,
state subsidization, continued
non-market factors, restricting rare
earths, and holding the US hostage with
those things and major industries from
defense to autos. Uh it really speaks to
the advantage that China has going into
this and the way they've prepared for
Trump's second term.
>> Henrietta, thank you. Appreciate it.
Henrietta trace their Aveda partners
with the latest down in Washington DC.
It's one perspective. We'll see what
happens tomorrow. I mean, I remember in
2016 when the president famously talked
about the fact that China was conducting
the greatest theft in the history of the
world when it comes to intellectual
property with the United States. This
would be a big change of direction,
change of course for this administration
and it will deeply impact the Republican
party and how they decide how they want
to move towards the future in conducting
policy with China. [music]
>> For the market at least, financial
markets like what they hear. Equity
futures up by 0.3 adding to yesterday's
record high. Coming up on the program,
Tony Wong of Tro as President Trump
weighs Blackwell chip talks with China.
Plus, Yihara has your morning movers.
Shares of Bloom Energy soaring as third
quarter earnings top estimates. [music]
[music]
4-day rally on the S&P 500 heading into
some serious event risk. The Federal
Reserve later on this afternoon, lots of
earnings after the closing bell and then
[music] a meeting between the president
of the United States and the Chinese
leader Xi Jinping. Equity futures up by
0.3 this morning on the NASDAQ high by
0.5 and the bond market. Fixed income,
the Treasury market really well behaved
between [music] the last two Fed
meetings back in September and the one
that started yesterday. Yields this
morning up by a single basis point 350.
basically where we were in the middle of
September. 10 to around 4% basically
where we were around the middle of
September. Yields up a single basis
point at 399. If you want a big move,
it's been in gold. 3 days of gold
trading lower, [music] a 3-day losing
streak, which amounted to a loss of more
than 4% and a break briefly of 4K.
Bouncing back this morning by 1.7%, gold
up by about $67 so far this morning.
That's the cross asset price story so
far this morning. Let's get you an
update on some single names, some
morning movers. Yahara has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. We start with Nvidia on the
brink of becoming a five the first 5
trillion dollar company if this level
holds at the open. [music] Shares are up
4% boosted by a flurry of deals
announced yesterday at its GTC
conference. But also, and more
importantly, President Donald Trump
planning to use Nvidia's most
sophisticated chips [music] as a card in
his meeting with Chinese President
Xiinping. the one to watch at the open
[music] and into tomorrow during that
highly consequential meeting. Meanwhile,
Bloom Energy shares also soaring in the
pre-market, up more than 18% now after
another strong quarter, its fourth
[music] in a row of record sales as the
company rides the AI power boom, locking
in deals with the likes of Oracle and
Brookfield Asset Management. That's made
it one of the best performing stocks of
2025. Shares are up 380% [music] year to
date. And moving on to the online
retailer Etsy. Shares are now down more
than nearly 10%. It has been very
volatile this morning. It was up about
6.3%
when it reported [music] results and
also reported an executive shakeup. It
handily beat estimates [music] on the
top and bottom lines. But as I
mentioned, it also announced its former
CEO is stepping down after eight [music]
years, paving the way for its chief
growth officer to take the helm. But
investors obviously questioning that
move. John,
>> thank you very much. Yhara, more from
Yihara in just a moment. At risk of
sounding about 40 years older than I
actually am. I never go on Etsy. I don't
even know what's on Etsy.
>> I don't even really know what Etsy does.
>> There's some cool stuff on there. I'm
not a huge Etsy user, but my sister is,
and she's actually gotten some
interesting stuff. You can even get like
marble countertops and sinks on Etsy.
>> People [music] will do stuff like
bespoke for you. Yes. Like artists and
designers, things like that. Okay. All
right. But you're on Pinterest.
>> I eventually got
>> I'm actually shocked that you don't
you're not on Etsy.
>> Mood boards for interior design, things
like [music] that. Anyway, different
story. Okay. On our radar this morning,
Boeing delivering a beat on free cash
flow. The company also adding 737
production is not yet at the new FAA
approved rate of 42 jets per month.
Elsewhere, President Donald Trump says
he'll discuss Nvidia's Blackwell AI
processors. with a Chinese leader
tomorrow. Investors hoping the chipmaker
will gain more access to the company's
largest market for its products. And
finally, China buying its first caros of
US soybeans this season as the two
nations work to hammer out a trade deal.
President Trump and the Chinese leader
meeting tomorrow on the sidelines of the
Apex summit in South Korea.
>> So last year, China bought 12 billion
worth of US soybeans. This year it's
been zero. So for the administration,
especially when you're talking about
farmers in the United States that right
now the US government is shut. We
haven't even talked about it 90 minutes
into the show for 29 days. They can't
get a bailout right now right now to
these farmers. So this is music to the
ears of the administration. But the
issue at hand is, and you just did these
stories back to back, Jonathan, what do
we have? We're giving away our highest
technology potentially with the
president saying they will discuss
Blackwell, the super duper chip for
what? Soybean purchases. That seems like
an imbalance and an unfair arrangement.
>> What exactly is off the table tomorrow?
Is Taiwan on the table tomorrow? That's
got to be a question that we need to ask
the administration.
>> The president has insinuated that
nothing is changing with Taiwan. And
Secretary Rubio a few days ago made it
very clear to reporters when he was
traveling to meet the president in Asia
that anyone who thinks that there's
going to be some sort of move on Taiwan
in exchange for trade is completely
wrong. That is not on the table. and
under for discussion right now.
>> Nvidia up in the pre-market given a lift
to this equity market more broadly on
the S&P 500 higher by 0.3%. Let's stick
with the US and China. Tech stocks
pushing equities higher as President
Trump opens the door to Blackwell chip
discussions with China Xi Jinping. The
news comes as Max7 earnings kickoff with
Meta, Microsoft, and Alphabet all
reporting after the closing bell. Tony
Wong Tro Price joins us now for more.
Tony, welcome to the program. It's quite
a statement from the president of the
United States. How much of a game
changer would that be if Nvidia had that
kind of access to sell into China?
>> Yeah, well, I think that's important
from a scale and R&D manufacturing
standpoint. Um, to have China as a big
growth market. I mean, they are huge
consumers of chips and I think when you
take a step back, um, you know, Nvidia
is becoming the backbone for, I think,
America's AI century. And so I think
it's exciting to see the announcement
from GTC very eventful uh what's going
on uh this week and I think at the end
of the day you want um you know all
countries to be developing on the US
tech stack and at the end of the day it
is a full stack it's not just a chip and
so whenever there's an innovation that
goes on you know in deepseek uh you know
there's a there's a recent one deepseek
OCR it's on Nvidia and it creates
stickiness because um you essentially
have another kernel in that like CUDA
library
>> if the administration Tony is moving
towards this idea of let's get China
addicted to our technology versus the
China hawks who say let's make sure
China gets zero access to our
technology. Who else can benefit from
this?
>> Yeah. Well, I think that at the end of
the day, like you know, you're seeing
you're going to see a lot of China
homegrown solutions and you know,
they're they're not going to be up to
par over the next few years, but over
the long term, I think you're going to
see more of a bifurcation of the
computing ecosystems. And I think um you
know, maybe like the US pulls ahead in
the near term, but over the long term,
I'm not sure if that's the best thing
for um you know, kind of global
relations um and collaboration. How much
money do you think Nvidia could be
making alone in China if Blackwell is
going to be allowed to have that sort of
access?
Well, I think that you know overall
China is about you know 25 to 30% of GDP
and and when you think about that in
rough numbers like historically China
has been um in that in that kind of uh
area code and so um you know I think
it's definitely like a massive market
and important for uh US technology
companies to to be able to sell into
that market and create this flywheel of
scale R&D um and revenue for innovation.
We've got to wait a month to get
earnings from Nvidia. Don't have to wait
too long to get earnings from the
others. Tony, let's talk about it.
Microsoft Meta, Alphabet after the
close. Meta keeps coming up in our
conversations, Tony, as maybe a risk for
this market. How are you thinking about
Meta later? And what are the risks
around that story?
Well, I think Meta is probably uniquely
positioned in that they have a ton of uh
leverage in terms of attention and all
their digital properties and being able
to move fast and integrate AI and and
you think you look at advertising and
return on advertising that is like
actually a you know really key area that
uh has seen a lot of ROI. So I think
that um at the same time they're
spending a lot. So, um, we're seeing a
lot of that depreciation and opex come
through the P&L. And so, I think it kind
of acts like additional amplifier. So,
if they beat, you know, the stock can
move a lot more, um, and if they they
miss expectations, um, there could be a
lot more downside because of, um, you
know, then people are saying like, oh,
like you're investing a lot, but you're
not getting the return. So, I think it
just adds more leverage to whatever
earnings is is is come going to come.
Tony, just to extend that thought, how
reflexive is this moment? If we do get
that kind of miss and they start to be
punished for spend, do they pull back
even more on spend? Is that what we're
getting at here?
>> You know, I think that the um I think AI
is such a big opportunity and the
potential is so vast. In addition, if
you have the scale and the customer
base, like the investment can be
advertised over a lot of years. And so
there probably is just more risk to
underinvesting. And I don't think in
this kind of uh market where there is
that that huge potential that you get
stronger by shrinking necessarily um in
your investments. So um my sense is that
you know even if this quarter is a blip
like um that the long term still is
intact for the the the returns on AI.
Tony though, do you think the market is
potentially, if there is a blip,
something, and Jonathan talked about
this earlier in the week, something like
their fourth quarter for 2022?
>> Yeah. Well, I think that uh what I'm
looking for is um you know, Aentic AI,
robotics, like all these new drivers and
you saw Sora announced, you know,
release their video product um you know,
6G with with Nokia, GTC. And so um you
know I think that uh what matters most
is that the token usage for AI continues
to go up and then the cost of the
delivering the tokens goes down with
with better algorithms with a new
generation of uh you know computing
platforms and that results in like I
think more sustainable investment and so
um to me it's it's like watching at the
end demand. I think there's a lot of uh
you know powerpoints and you know
estimates and with point in time you
know what is 2027 2028 going to look
like but I think what matters like the
momentum of of the progress and that
expectations continue to get revised up.
>> Tony if I asked this question I just
know people at home are going to scream
bubble bubble these are only the
questions that get asked in a bubble but
how easy is the next trillion of market
cap in this market compared to the first
trillion? Tony, I just remember sitting
in front of a camera waiting for that
first headline of the first one trillion
dollar c company in the United States of
America and we've just gone from one to
five and it feels like we've done that
Tony in a heartbeat in a blink of an
eye.
>> Yeah, it's a great question. I think
there might be a bubble and how many
people are talking about a bubble uh
[laughter] actually and so it's an
interesting framing right now and I get
this asked a lot by clients and
internally um in terms of market cap you
know I I I started covering Nvidia uh
for our firm eight years ago when Nvidia
was about a 150 billion$200 billion
market cap and at that time everyone
thought that was like really big you
know how can Nvidia grow you know beyond
a pretty sizable market cap and I I
think that you just seen that the market
the TAM continues to expand and you know
in a way it it grows even more with
better product introduction and uh so I
think that you know the market continues
to underestimate how big AI can be and
so I think that's what's exciting I
think that you know the last you know
trillion dollars of market cap actually
came a lot faster than than the first
trillion right so I think part of it is
uh you know the the the compounding
nature of of uh you know just the the
innovation that's been going Tony, I
think there's something though in the
worries that some people have when you
say things like right now the biggest
risk is underinvesting, not
overinvesting. And we've heard the same
sentiment from Alphabet last summer. The
CEO said almost precisely exactly the
same thing on the earnings call. Tony,
that feels like a commitment to a
misallocation of resources to
overcapacity. Is that not a fair
assessment of things?
>> Yeah. Well, I think that a lot of people
compare it with like the fiber buildout,
right, in 2000. I think there's a few
differences like one the utilization on
fiber was roughly 20%.
uh you know throughout the throughout
that period of build and right now the
utilization I mean we're sold out of of
cloud capacity and and so I think one is
that the apps are real they're here um
there's there's a lot of I think high
utilization and then also like the cost
of compute here is actually increasing
uh versus so it's a inflating cost curve
so it actually rationalizes supply in a
pretty uh reasonable way um but doesn't
mean that we're not going to have an
over supply that it's not cyclical Um,
but I do think that it is in a way that
you're seeing like more unlocking of new
demands. And when you look at the the
vastness of the demand drivers, I mean,
they can be really pretty impressive. On
Instagram the other day, there's a
there's a robotics company that is going
to try to sell me a a humanoid robot. I
saw the same thing. I mean, that's
that's a brand new driver, right, that
we weren't talking about a year ago.
>> Tony, I'm not a market leader with those
things. I'll let someone else do that
first. Tony Wong of Tro Price. Tony,
thank you. Have you seen that humanoid
>> on social media? No.
>> Okay, check it out. Creepy. Creepy. I
understand the commitment to
overinvesting because as far as they're
concerned, this is existential risk and
the risk for them of missing out is
greater than the risk of ending up with
a massive misallocation of resources.
But given the commitment to that, that's
why people are a little bit nervous on
the margin about how this story is going
to play out.
>> And that's why you have reporters on Air
Force One even asking the president if
he's concerned about AI bubble. And he
says no, everyone is just trying to get
their hands on it. He did point though
one of the issues it's going to have is
the electricity needed to run all of
these data centers that the AI cap X
story is is bringing on
>> NASDAQ futures this morning up by 0.5 on
the S&P up by 0.3 with an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Here's Yahara. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. President Donald Trump is in
South Korea ahead of tomorrow's big
meeting with Chinese President Xiinping.
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force
One on his way to Korea, Trump said he
expects to lower tariffs on Chinese
[music] goods over fentinel over the
fentinel crisis and that he will speak
with sheep about giving China access to
Nvidia's Blackwell AI chip. Meanwhile,
Apple is making major changes to its
MacBook Air, [music] iPad Mini, and iPad
Airlines. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg it's testing new versions of
the products [music] with OLED screens,
replacing its current LCD screens. The
new models could come as early as next
year, but plans are not final and could
still change or get postponed. And the
World Series is all tied up at two games
a piece. Following Monday's 18 ining
thriller, the Toronto Blue Jays bounced
[music] back with a decisive 6-2 win
over the Dodgers in game four. Vladimir
Guerrero Jr. led the charge, blasting a
two-run homer off starting pitcher Show
Otani in the third inning to help even
[music] the series. Game five is later
tonight in Los Angeles. That's your
Bloomberg briefs. John,
>> very cool. Very cool. Yahara, thank you.
More from Yihara in about 30 minutes
time. Up next on a program, traders
[music] expecting a rate cut.
>> The Fed, you know, will cut rates and
then then we'll see. I know the
consensus is you'll get another cut um
before the end of the year. The Fed
always is an observer of what's going on
in the real-time economy. The real-time
economy can shift very quickly.
>> Up next, [music] Blake Gwyn of RBC
Capital Markets from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg TV. [music]
>> [music]
>> Special coverage of the Federal Reserve
decision later on this afternoon, 1:30
Eastern time. Our coverage begins on
Bloomberg TV and on Bloomberg radio.
We'll kick things off with Bob Michael.
We'll hear from the former Fed vice
chair Richard Clauder, [music] Kathy
Jones, and Charles Schwab on the bond
market, Torstston Sllock of Apollo, with
the postgame coverage. [music] Of
course, the decision at 2 p.m. Eastern
time, the news conference at 2:30.
Equity futures into that positive by
0.3% on the S&P 500, a 4-day winning run
into Wednesday. Alltime highs and more
record highs on a card later on this
morning at the opening [music] bell.
Equity futures up by 0.3 on the Nasdaq,
up by close to 0.5. under Savannah this
morning. Traders [music] expecting a
rate cut.
>> The Fed, you know, will cut rates and
then then we'll see. I know the
consensus is you'll get another cut um
before the end of the year. Um but the
policy rate has been higher. I think
they're they're looking to move more
toward neutral and so we'll take a step
in that direction. But I think the Fed
always is an observer of what's going on
in the real-time economy. The real-time
economy can shift very quickly. At the
moment, I would say the US economy is in
quite good shape. Um, but I wouldn't I
wouldn't jump forward. [music]
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
Investors pricing in a quarter point cut
from the FOMC at 2 p.m. Eastern time.
Blake Gwyn of RBC Capital Markets
writing the following. The economic
backdrop continues to provide the FOMC
with a window for delivering interest
rate cuts. They're going to take it.
Blake joins us now for more. Blake, good
morning. Good to see you.
>> Good to see you.
>> The last time the Fed made a decision,
you made a very important point that the
outlook hadn't changed so much, but the
risks around the outlook have. What are
the risks around the outlook now? And
have they developed since the Fed last
met?
>> Exactly the same as they were in
September. Um I mean part of that is
obviously because we're not getting the
official sector data but even if you
look at what we have we have received.
So the CPI that they decided to release
the private sector data and I would say
also the beige book that they had uh you
know the beige book really kind of
characterized things as largely um in
the same place as they were in
September. So I don't think the Fed's
really gotten any information that's
really going to change their outlook. I
would expect uh pal you know any
comments that he's going to make on the
macroeconomic outlook um you know this
afternoon are probably going to be
largely what he made in September.
>> So cuts 25. Can he guide to December?
>> I don't think he does. And I think if
anything I think the markets are going
to be much more focused around some of
the meta conversation about what are
they looking at? I mean if if this
continues for another two months if this
continues in the December meeting um I
think what I'm most interested in are
are any questions around what data are
you putting most importance on?
>> What are the metrics? Yeah, we we know
their reaction function to some degree
around the official sector data and we
know how they're thinking about, you
know, an unemployment rate or about NFP
levels, but we don't really know how
they're using um the data that they do
have right now. And I think it it'll be
interesting to hear how they're kind of
thinking about things, what metrics
they're looking at, and what's going to
make that decision around uh December.
>> Well, isn't that a risk in itself, the
fact that they don't have data, and we
have this data desert? How much can they
lean on September going forward if
you're a data dependent Fed?
>> Well, it it does make things interesting
and I'm a little bit torn about what the
base case into December is if we don't
get data. Because on the one hand, you
you know, you kind of have this do no
harm type of idea where I could see the
hawks on the committee saying, "Hey,
look, we cut the last two meetings. We
did get inflation data which shows the
services side of things uh a little more
pressure than we'd like to see. um maybe
we should just play it safe and not do
anything. But you could also make the
case on the other side, which is that
those labor market risks are still
apparent. ADP is still showing this low
hiring, slow firing mode. Um so I I'm
not even really sure what the base case
is into December if we have no data, no
new government data coming out.
>> Is it possible that descent could cut
both ways at this meeting?
>> Absolutely. I think that was true last
meeting as well. I was actually curious
to see if we got two descents at the
last meeting because I think you have
some members like um you know Hammock
Schmid who have come out and um now you
know uh um not everybody can descent so
we're just talking about the voting
members but Schmid could uh certainly
descent
>> um and we have heard those members kind
of take a harder stance on the inflation
side and said you know unlike Waller and
and I would say now pal at this point
not so quick to kind of dismiss some of
the inflation pressure we're seeing.
they're not ready to write it off as
only a tariff problem every, you know,
something that's going to dissipate um
as that one-time price shock kind of
moves through the system.
>> I believe that hammock can descent next
year and the mix next year maybe gets a
little bit more interesting. So, let's
talk about that. We're going to get a
change of leadership in May. How easy is
it just to lead the committee and say,
you know what, we're going in this
direction given the mix we might see in
26. It it really depends on the
personnel. And I think this is, you
know, one conversation I've had a lot
with clients who've kind of said, well,
we're going to get a very dovish Fed
share from Trump and they're going to
come in and, you know, they're going to
slash rates 100 basis points Fed share.
Yeah. That's just not how things work.
And I think we're um, you know, we're
kind of uh a product of this last 40
years where we've had very strong Fed
shares who I think have a very good give
and take with the rest of the committee.
Um, they're respected by the committee.
they're taking information from the
committee, incorporating that into their
own views. Um, and so, yeah, the the the
chair has spoken for the direction of of
policy. If we get somebody who is very
outside of that consensus, who's to say
the chair is in a descent at every
meeting? I mean, it could be very
interesting, but what if we have Mirin
and the new chair dissenting at every
meeting?
>> For the record, I saw this in the UK
more than 10 years ago. I remember when
Governor King wanted another round of QE
and kept dissenting and voting for it.
So, we've seen that happen in the UK.
Are you suggesting we might see a UK
type scenario in the United States?
>> It's just not what we're used to.
>> We're used to the green spans of this
world.
>> Yeah. And and I think if we're thinking
about how dovish the Fed is next year,
it's not just about how dovish the new
chair is. It's also about how effective
they're going to be at delivering on
that doubbishness.
>> Well, who's the most dovish of this
lift? Would you say that's Kevin Hasset?
>> I would say you'd look at somebody who
is closer to the administration. So,
Hasset or Worsh. Um, you know, but
somebody
>> He's a hawk. He was, let's be very
clear, he was um not anymore. So I I
think you'd look at somebody who is much
closer to the administration is probably
arguing for the most cuts, but also in
the same, you know, in the same respect,
also maybe not being able to sway the
rest of the committee,
>> but it'll be transparent. If it is
someone like Kevin Hasset, the it'll be
transparent. It's not like Arthur Burns
and Nixon where the market didn't really
understand how close that relationship
is. is it'll be very transparent to the
market that okay this policy could be
heavily influenced by Trump himself.
>> Well, I I think it will be clear that
that person could be heavily influenced.
Um but then that comes that that's where
the question of how much control over
the rest of the committee they have
comes in because that's where I think
somebody like a waller who may not be as
close to the administration who may kind
of go off on their own and you know he's
le leaning doubbish now but maybe that
framework changes
>> he's going to be much more effective and
I think you know has that respect. He
has the the a very understandable
framework for where that doubbishness is
coming from and so may actually deliver
more cuts than somebody who you would
expect to be a more dovish member.
>> Blake, this was great. It's good to see
you. Blake win there of RBC Capital
Markets. That final point is a point
shared by Neil Daer of Ren Mack. I've
heard that point made a few times. It's
an important one. Who can really
operate? Who can really maintain that
institutional credibility and ultimately
deliver what the president wants?
>> And we've already seen him successful
member Jay Powell at Jackson Hole. The
speech literally could have been written
by Governor Christopher Waller.
>> It sounded like a speech. You've been
consistent about this. The longer it
goes on, the more likely it is that it's
secretary Bess.
>> What did we hear from the president
yesterday? He then took a straw poll
basically impromptu from the executives
sitting at that business meeting say,
"What do you think? It should be
Bessant, right? He doesn't want to do
it. Come on." Basically trying to get
the whole business community to rally
behind his treasury secretary to go to
move over to the Fed.
>> Equities this morning, record highs on
the S&P. Up next, Alicia Lavine of BMY
Wealth, Schwedkajura of Wolf Research,
David Miracle of Goldman [music] Sachs,
plus Jay Goldberg of Seapport from New
York City. The third hour of Bloomberg
Surveillance. Up next,
[music]
>> the Fed would be well served to be very
cautious in this environment.
>> They're in almost an impossible
position. The vacuum of data is starting
to cause some concerns.
>> Data or no data, you still have to make
policy.
>> They have to be pretty careful about how
much they signal more cuts going
forward.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
[music] and An Marie Hordern.
>> The up 90 minutes away. Live from New
York City this morning. [music] Good
morning. Good morning. For our audience
worldwide, the third hour of Bloomberg
Savannah starts right now. Your scores
look like this. adding some weight to
the recent rally. Alltime highs on the
S&P 500, up another quarter of 1% on the
NASDAQ up by 0.4. Four days of gains.
We're looking for day five in the bond
market. Twos, tens, and 30s heading into
that Federal Reserve interest rate
decision. [music] Tens just short of 4%
at 399, up two basis points today. Two's
around 350. It's not just the Fed
meeting. We get some [music] earnings.
We get trillions upon trillions of
dollars of market cap reporting later.
Meta, Google, [music] Microsoft, and
then it's the big one for trade talks,
the president and Xi Jinping.
>> So, I thought the trade talks we were
going in pretty much knowing [music]
exactly what you're going to get over
the weekend. You've heard the Treasury
Secretary, Ambassador Greer, even the
Chinese talk about [music] some of the
consensus and the framework they've
worked around. Then the president on his
way to South Korea sprinkles a little
bit of this on top of the market talking
about the fact that Blackwell, the US's
most advanced, highest techn technology
chip potentially is going to be on the
table for discussion [music]
to enter back into China. To enter into
China, this would be pretty much [music]
taking this relationship to a very
different direction than we thought when
it comes to de-risking. As Trump said
himself, this is the super duper chip.
It's a significant story in this market
in the pre-market. Nvidia higher through
most of the session by around 3%
supporting [music] equities higher by a
quarter of 1%. Big hour coming up. We'll
catch up with Alicia Lavine of BMY
Wealth as stocks trade near record
highs, David Miracle of [music] Goldman
Sachs with a key Fed rate decision on
deck and Jay Goldberg of Seapport as he
remains the only Wall Street analyst
with a S rating on Nvidia. We begin this
hour with stocks edging Kaya as
investors gear up for a crucial day full
of big tech earnings. Alicia Lavine of
BMY Wealth writes the following. The
extent of the next leg of the rally
depends on earnings season to deliver
this week, particularly in the AI trade.
Alicia joins us now for more. Alicia,
good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Don't lose the main point. Your words,
the direction of travel is up. Is that
still true?
>> That is still true. You could see it's
true. Right. So, it's now taken on a a
life of its own with as the Fed cuts
into increased earnings estimates and an
economy that is not just stabilizing,
but growth estimates are ticking up
higher for next year and you're in this
really you're in a liquid situation and
so the direction of travel is up. You
know, it's an everything rally here
>> and China and the US getting out of the
way
>> and China and the US
>> your reaction to that development
overnight.
>> Oh, it's what we expected. I mean, I
think there was no way that the pres,
this particular administration was going
to leave Washington without providing
something that was more positive than
the fears from 3 weeks ago. Um, and and
then just to point out the on the
previous conversation, you know, Jensen
Wong has been reminding Wall Street that
the Nvidia numbers, you know, contain no
revenues from China. So, I mean, this
it's a set it was a setup for something
actually to be um announced here. I you
there was no way the administration was
going to go and not produce some
positive news. But they already had
positive news. China was going to defer
the rare earth export controls for a
year. They were going to buy substantial
in the Treasury Secretary's words
purchases of soybeans. The fact that the
president is saying they're even going
to be willing to have this discussion on
Blackwell, that is incredibly bullish.
>> That is that's very bullish. It's also a
bit of of of a headache in in the sense
that we expected something very
different. I mean, I think in the end
the question really is do you want your
um your competitor to have access to
your technology and be dependent on it
or create the need which creates then an
internal uh industry for it and
developing one one's own. And I think
that that's that's a real debate. That's
a that's a real debate. And it looks
like at this moment potentially they're
leaning into this idea that they want
China
>> better to have dependency
>> to get hooked on that technology
>> right because otherwise you create the
conditions for for for doing it
internally.
>> So tech mag 7 is it even about earnings
or is it more about policy right now?
>> It I think you can't you can't divorce
it right now because the policy is the
earnings particularly for some some of
the companies. Look right now it's the
AI trade. Um I I can't tell you where
the market's going here only because we
know it's going up. Whether the year
ends, you know, our official target on
the S&P for this year is 6,700. So the
market has far outpaced that for now and
it's likely to end higher. That's what
markets do. They overshoot on the
upside, they overshoot on the downside,
and you get some sort of average in
between. So, you know, for investors,
yes, this year ends likely higher. Um is
this the Santa Claus rally? Maybe. Um
but you know we're getting we're getting
conditions quite well. I think the
earnings today and tomorrow really will
then tell you the extent of the next leg
of the rally here because it's it's very
important you the earnings have to
deliver and and the forward guidance and
you have to have guidance
>> particularly when we don't have any
economic data. So there's additional
focus on the earnings. But you know
what? I've said this a few times.
Alicia, I wonder if you agree. The
payrolls data hasn't been very useful to
this market anyway because at the start
of the year, if I gave you all straight
up and just said, "These are the job
numbers for 2025," you would have been
hopelessly bearish on this market.
>> Hopelessly bearish. And let's just point
out that the jobs numbers for the last
few years have all been revised downward
each year by a million jobs. So the data
weren't that good to begin with, right?
So you know the data were the data we
you know the market traded off of it but
ultimately was all revised downward. So
in some ways looking at the micro
hearing what companies are saying what
are your cost inputs are you passing it
on to the consumer. What does the
external environment look like that is
almost better than what we've got right
now.
>> So let's talk about that divergence. I
know you and the team are discussing it
too between the labor market and between
earnings. Is that something that just
sticks that doesn't have to give or does
it have to give? Do we have to reconcile
our differences over the next year?
>> So, I think I think it doesn't have to
give in the next year. I think it's a
long-term issue. Like, can you have
growth without job creation? That's the
question. And the answer so far looks
like yes. That's a bigger question than
are new jobs created quickly or slowly.
And so, you're in something of a a
shifting situation where it looks like
you are getting more productivity in the
economy. corporates are getting more
productive but at the same time we jobs
need to be created for this new world
that we're going to
>> could you have growth and actually job
layoffs because that growth is coming
from AI that may end up meaning you
don't need as many jobs it
>> it's a tricky question because you know
the top 10% of the income scale owns
about 60% of the assets and on and the
assets as we know have been moving
higher so I do think that if there are
layoffs and no job creation. Ultimately,
the lower end of the consumer will start
to overwhelm the the the cushion that
we've had in markets with um consumer
net worth moving so much higher because
of house prices and financial assets.
So, you're you're you're in an
equilibrium here. It's certainly not
stable. It's not stable to not have job
creation and prosperity at the top.
That's not stable.
>> Can we finish on the narrow breath in
the equity market? had tons of messages
about it. We've been talking about it
over the last two hours as well. On the
S&P yesterday, 398 decliners, 104
advancing in and up market. Your
takeaway, these are the kind of things
we don't typically see maybe have never
seen over the past few decades.
>> So, it it's not it's not that healthy.
We def but we let's just be clear
earlier in the autumn we did see a
further broadening of the market. I
think this is just the moment at the
time that the hints about China might be
coming through for the AI trade. And so
I think in some ways the last week or so
is really just skewed to that. But
earnings are coming in better. And in
fact the 493 are contributing to
earnings in in a higher way than they
have in other quarters. So there is some
catch up here between what the MAG 7 is
um producing in earnings and what the
other 493 are. So the earnings are
there. It is not so skewed as it was
last year for instance.
>> So if you wanted to better it's a better
year for that
>> to allocate to equities this morning and
going through the rest of the next six
months or so. What's the optimal way of
doing that for you?
>> So, we are overweight the US. Um, we we
remain overweight the US. Uh, we do like
going down the cap scale here because we
do think that the one big beautiful bill
actually is going to be very beneficial
for industrials which are really located
in in midcap here. So, that's clearly
the beneficiaries of some of the fiscal
policy. But because the dollar is a
little bit weaker, we do like emerging
markets as well. I'd say emerging
markets over developed international
right now looks a little bit more
interesting. A developed international
uh really being pushed by Japan here the
growth in Europe is not that exciting.
Um and so that we would so overweight
the US and you sat you satellite
emerging markets a little bit lower the
cap scale and you have to do
international just because the dollar is
a little bit weaker
>> and we've seen banks in Europe
particularly absolutely rip in
particular the divergence. You want to
talk about divergence? Never mind the US
payrolls and earnings in America. Growth
in Europe compared to what the banks
have done this year. Growth in Europe
from the ECB. This is their forecast for
2025 1.2%. For next year, 1%. And the
banks have absolutely ripped in that
environment.
>> Financials have been killing it in the
first quarter, second quarter, even the
defense sector in Europe. That was a
huge story about re re-industrializing
and making sure you have a strong
defense in Europe. Other than that,
where is the growth story in Europe?
There really is no growth in the
European Union until they do what Mario
Draggy is trying to push them to do.
>> It's another classic example. I could
give you the data and you still get the
trade wrong. You know, you got to think
about that when the data does come back.
Alicia, thank you. It's good to see you
as always. Thank you, Alicia Lavine
there of BNY Wealth. Let's get you an
update on stories worldwide this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Here's
Yahihara. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Boeing stock is down about
8/10en of 1% after the company reported
weaker than expected thirdarter
earnings. The plane maker said earnings
were hit by a $4.9 billion accounting
charge [music] related to the delayed
debut of its 777X
jetliner. The new jet is now running 7
years behind schedule. Reminder of the
long recovery ahead for the US plane
maker. Meanwhile, a handful of
Republican senators joined with
Democrats to pass a measure aimed at
cancelling tariffs on Brazil. The
measure still must pass the House. And
while President Trump would likely veto
it, Brazil's President Luis Nasio Lula
Dilva said he was optimistic that it
solution would be reached. Key Brazilian
exports include coffee [music] and meat.
And President Donald Trump conceded he
can't run for president again. Trump
said, quote, "It's pretty clear the
Constitution doesn't allow him to seek a
third term." Trump has frequently
floated the idea of another run,
including showing off those Trump 2028
hats despite the constitutional limit.
[music] That's your Bloomberg rates,
John.
>> Yahara, thank you. More from Yahara
later this hour. Up next, the morning
cause plus Schwedura of Wolf Research
with what to expect from meta earnings
after the closing bout today. That's
[music] next from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
[music]
Earnings are going to be good. The
question is how much [music] in the here
and now is priced in the stocks. It's
basically going to be commentary
rather than hard numbers. Commentary
about the AI revolution. Our belief is
is that the positivity is going to
continue.
>> That was Julian Emanuel of Everore going
into some important tech earnings after
the closing bow. Meta, Microsoft, and
Alphabet today. Tomorrow afternoon,
we'll hear from Amazon [music] and
Apple. Yesterday on the program, we had
Wells Fargo talking about an everything
rally email just now. This is not an
everything rally, it's a few things
rally. [music]
That's exactly what we saw in the equity
market yesterday on the S&P 500 this
morning. Up again [music] by 0.3% up on
the NASDAQ by 0.5. Thank you Nvidia and
maybe thank you to the president as
well. That's the price action. Here are
your morning calls with one stock in
focus Nvidia. First up, DA Davidson
raising [music] its price target on the
tech chart to 250, believing the market
is discounting upside to data center
revenue. Finally, Bank of America
raising its target to 275, highlighting
[music] a very positive meeting with
management after Nvidia's GTC event.
Plus, Melius raising its target to 300,
[music]
calling it the clear AI leader. Let's
stick with tech. It's a make or break
day for the US equity market. Earnings
from Microsoft, [music] Alphabet, Meta,
all reporting earnings after the closing
bow. Bloomberg's Ed Lllo joins us now
for more. Ed, before we get to those
names, you spoke to Jensen. We need to
talk about Nvidia. What a change we
might see in policy from the president.
Just raising the question, no decision
yet, but feels like that's the direction
of travel.
>> Yeah, it does. I mean to be very clear,
Nvidia's official position is they have
not asked the United States officially
for permission or a license to export
black weld to China. And on those
analyst calls that you were just going
through, what is so interesting is that
in a completely informal way, Jensen
Wong had a slide behind him on stage
that said over the next five fiscal
quarters, they'll do $500 billion of
revenue just just on their two
generations of data center chip. And
that $500 billion figure strips out
China completely. So their base case is
still zero revenues from China. I would
say what I'm hearing from sources is um
there isn't actually certainty around a
meeting between Jensen Wong and the
president, but clearly the president of
the United States is expecting one. Um
and if the president of the United
States says they're going to talk about
Blackwell, I guess they're going to talk
about Blackwell.
>> Well, he's saying that he the president
is saying he's going to talk about
Blackwell with Xi Jinping. And then he
said that Jensen Wong was in the Oval
Office just three days ago. So Ed, I
don't really care who from Nvidia is
making ass to the United States. The
fact of the matter is it does sound like
this administration is taking its cues
on policy from the Nvidia CEO. Would you
not say that?
>> So what I would say is there's always
been GTC conferences in DC. This moment
was the first time that Jensen Wong has
made a keynote at it. And when the date
was announced all the way back at the
beginning of the summer, there was an
expectation that the president of the
United States would be here for it. You
know that that that at first we were
saying that this week that we were
inferring that this was something
political in nature. It was planned that
way. Um and you know Jensen spoke to the
media for hours about what he expects
the president to do and that is do
what's best for America. And of course
to Jensen's mind tying it to the market
move of today where Nvidia potentially
becomes the first $5 trillion market cap
company you know to their mind what's
best for America is their ability to
export chips to China which once they
had 80% of the market in
>> well Ed yesterday in your interview I
wrote this down it's our national
treasure that's what Jensen was talking
about to you in terms of these chips why
would this administration think it's so
good to give away our national treasure
to China when the president ran in 2016
about the fact that China was raping the
US when it comes to intellectual
property theft.
>> Yeah. What we don't know is the
specification of a blackwell
architecture chip for China. Remember
that the the the kind of consensus in
the White House right now is that it is
better to to ship a deprecated chip, a
depowered chip to China than none at all
because otherwise you leave a vacuum
that Huawei can enter and then
potentially export out of China to other
markets. But what we're not saying and
we just don't know is that the the
cutting or leading edge blackwell chip
is what's in discussion here. We just
need more information about Nvidia from
Nvidia about some kind of chip that
they've designed with purpose for that
market. And that final point I think is
very important. Ed, thank you. Ed Lllo
there on Nvidia after catching up with
the Nvidia boss Jensen Wang just
yesterday. The optics of this and
allowing China to save face. You brought
up the comments from the commerce
secretary Howard Lutnik which
effectively embarrassed the Chinese
which is something that most people who
have experienced in these matters know
that is something you don't do if you
want to get the optimal deal. Basically
telling the Chinese we won't say the
good stuff this is just the crap right.
>> Y
>> now you're in a situation where you can
basically say we're going to sell you
some good stuff and publicly dress it up
as something better than it actually is.
And Ed's asking a question as to how
just how this would be configured and
whether the stuff they'd be selling into
China would be precisely the same stuff
that the US has got access to.
>> It's a great question. I want to know
the answer to it. Is this the full
blackwell high advanced technology the
US has access to or is it a chip that's
watered down basically in essence what
Lutnick came out and said in July which
was we're not going to tell them our top
tier or second tier or third tier maybe
they'll get the fourth tier. Is that
what this is? A fourth tier blackwell
check
>> with a more politically pleasing rapper
possibly. I don't know because this is
still a conversation and we'll see what
happens tomorrow. All to play for. Let's
turn back to tech earnings after the
closing bow. Shredderia of Wolf Research
has an outperform on Meta with a price
target of 900 heading into earnings
writing we're constructive on meta into
third quarter results as we see a beat
and raise on revenue with clarity
greater clarity on capex and opex. Sweda
joins us now for more swe. I know we
don't have long with you so I try and
squeeze in a lot of questions if we can.
In your mind of all the companies that
you cover, is this the one that's under
pressure?
>> Well, I think among the mega cap names,
well, we put these into different
buckets. I guess Meta, Google, and
Amazon slightly different than some of
the the large smidcap names, but among
the mega mega gap names, I think that
Amazon actually is most under pressure
because they do need to prove out on the
cloud front and on AWS. and CEO Jasse
needs to comment on perhaps their
relationship with Nvidia with Enthropic
as well as capacity constraints easing.
So perhaps if I were to rank order them,
Amazon uh falls under greater pressure
um than Meta and then Google.
>> Let's talk about Meta then putting up
big numbers sweater. What we saw with
Microsoft is they're able to say look
we're spending all this money but look
at this revenue growth. It's fantastic.
Can Meta repeat that act after the
closing bell?
Uh I I we certainly think so. We think
that for the third quarter the street's
looking for call it 22% or so growth
rate and we are actually expecting at
least 25 to 26% growth rate because of
all the uh changes that Meta is making
on its platform both for the advertisers
as well as um on on its core platform
itself that is driving relevance that's
penetrating more of the ad budgets and
then for the fourth quarter guide we
think that they'll guide to 22% growth
rate at the high end of their guidance
range and if they do that exit rate
still calls for 20% plus growth rate
that implies perhaps durability of
healthy growth in 2026.
>> Do you expect Meta to come out and give
more guidance as well on all of the AI
hires they're making and the advancement
those individuals are making because
they're spending tons of money on these
people.
>> Oh, for sure. Um, we we don't expect an
OPEX guide as a in terms of an official
numbers guide this quarter for 2026, but
we certainly expect CFO Susan Lee to
comment on how they're thinking about
provide a little bit more color about
how they're thinking about OPEX and not
only compensation, but there are a lot
of other costs in in addition to DNA um
lease expenses, energy as well as cloud
computing because they sign different
contracts uh that will be accounted for
in that opex number. So to the degree
they can comment on how much opex can
accelerate in 2026 that'll be incredibly
helpful.
>> When can they actually put numbers
around it though and at some point does
the market get frustrated?
>> Well they used to guide in the third
quarter for the upcoming year. Um they
did not do that last year. So the
expectation is that they'll likely
provide more color this quarter and then
in the fourth quarter earnings call
they'll provide a little bit more of a
definitive guidance on opex for 2026 as
they have a little bit more visibility.
>> Shredder Amarie was talking about what
happened 3 years ago 3 years ago in the
third quarter to Meta when everything
kind of fell out of bed and that was
really the foundation for the year of
efficiency. Can we take a huge step
back? How much has this company changed
since the third quarter of 22? Oh, it is
it is remarkable how much uh when a
founder-led company for a company this
scale can turn around with certain
decisions and the at the time it was you
know they called it a year of uh
operational efficiency or year of
efficiency and in a couple of weeks and
they they changed their outlook on on
the on expenses. This is very and since
then it is completely different. Why?
because we have seen so many dramatic
changes not only in the expense side but
more importantly on both on AI side as
well as on the core core AI platform
that is allowing Meta to grow pretty
much faster than any other ad platform
out there. It is best-in-class growth
and as long as they can show those types
of growth rate significantly faster than
the overall digital advertising market
uh investors will likely give them a
little bit of a pass on all the spend.
>> Sweeter, appreciate it. Looking forward
to the numbers a little bit later. I
know you've got to run. Thanks for being
here. Shredder jury there of Wolf
Research. Looking ahead to the earnings.
Maybe Amazon's the more vulnerable one
looking at the coverage over at Wol.
Meta in focus. Mark Zuckerberg's ability
to make that company super agile. Three
years ago, we renamed the company to
Meta. The focus was on the metaverse,
doubling down on all of that market push
back and all of a sudden few years later
heading into a different direction
aggressively.
>> Absolutely. with AI and they have been
out front and center which why I'm so
interested to know about behind the
scenes what is going on with these
individuals they hired they are signing
million-dollar contracts for the best in
AI and the problem is other companies
cannot keep up and that is why they are
doubling down on this story it's
interesting everyone we talked to though
they says they have to keep the revenue
spending the revenue spending going they
have to make sure that's where they are
bringing in those advertisements that's
what's really keeping this story alive
at least chugging along until we can get
some confirmed numbers and what's going
on AI
>> that stock 8-day winning run over the
last 8 days meta higher by more than 5%
5.53% to be precise heading into the
earnings print later on this afternoon
coming up on the program we'll catch
[music] up with David Miracle of Goldman
Sachs before we get those earnings from
big tech we've got a Federal Reserve
interest rate decision that interest
rate decision drops at 2 p.m. In time, a
[music] news conference with chairman
pal 30 minutes later, David Miraa
Goldman up next. Plus, Danny has [music]
some morning movers. Ferf plunging after
slashing its profit forecast. That name
is down [music] by 36%.
That story is up next.
[music]
The oven bow just around the corner. 16
minutes away, equity futures up by
[music] 0.2% on the S&P 500. Higher on
the NASDAQ by 0.4. Lots of tech
earnings. A little bit later, a serious
amount of tech earnings. Later on today,
we're going to hear from the likes of
Meta, Alphabet, Microsoft, $9 trillion
of market cap across just three names.
Throw in Apple and Amazon and we're
talking about the [music] quarter of the
S&P 500 across five names. Switch up the
board and get to the bond market. Twos,
10, 30s. pretty stable and well behaved
on the session. Likewise, since the Fed
last met, two's around [music] 350, 10's
around 4%. That decision later on this
afternoon. As we count it down to the
opening bound, let's get you some
morning movers. Let's cross over to
Danny for more. Hey, Danny.
>> Hey, John. One of the wild things with
all the big cap tech [music] earnings in
focus this morning. Nvidia doesn't even
have its earnings until November 19th.
And it is the stock of the morning. That
is because with a 3.4% gain, it will hit
the $5 trillion market cap club. a club
where it is [music] the only member. The
gain this time happening off the back of
positive signals coming from President
Trump ahead of his meeting with
President Xi. Uh a a hope that better
relations and lower tariffs will be the
result. Trump also saying that Blackwell
from Nvidia will be discussed as part of
the conversation. We do have some other
earnings to get through though. Verizon
reporting this morning. They did report
a loss in the quarter of 7,000
customers, but that's not what this
market is concentrating on. Instead, it
is a new CEO who's only been in the spot
for a couple weeks. He laid out a very
aggressive growth strategy. In fact, he
straight up said this is not an
incremental plan. So, with that ramp up
that they're expecting, shares are up of
Verizon 4%. [music] Now, the biggest
loser by far for the S&P 500 pre-market
is Ferve. This is a fintech company.
Shares are down 37%. This isn't a penny
stock. This is a $68 billion company
that cut its outlook for the entirety of
the year. Some of its financial
solutions products also lost on the
quarter. They're completely changing up
a lot of their seauite including
co-presidents and CFOs. So a shakeup
there at a 37 just under percent
decline. It is the biggest daily decline
at least we're headed that since a pump
company went public in the late 80s.
John
>> onethird of the market cap gone just
like that. Danny, thank you. Looking
forward to the program. Danny Burgerer
alongside Matt [music] Miller in about
30 minutes time. Bloomberg open interest
going into the upland bout. The upland
bout 60 minutes away. As we count you
down to the Federal Reserve decision
later on this afternoon, we are
expecting another interest rate
reduction down in Washington DC.
Bloomberg's Mike McKe joins us now for
more. Good morning Mike.
>> Good morning John. Well the theme of the
day according to Wall Street analysts is
going to be risk management. The
question is which risk is being managed?
If you look at the alternative data it
suggests that hiring is very weak. We
got a couple of reports over the week
that suggested that that's the case, but
there's not much change in unemployment.
Actual data suggests inflation is still
rising, but nobody knows where the
tariffs are going to end up. So, what
does the Fed say about the danger of
each side of its mandate today? We are
going to get a 25 basis point cut. We'll
be down to 375 to 4% for the target
range. 150 basis points worth of cuts so
far since they started. We expect Steven
Myron will descent again for 50 basis
points on Donald Trump's orders. Might
have a no cut descent, but that's
considered unlikely. It's still
something to watch for. The question is
really for people on Wall Street, what
are they going to do in December? And J
Pal is probably going to do his best to
keep his options open. We're pricing in
a December rate cut, but people don't
really want people on the Fed don't
really want the markets to do that yet
because they have no data. So the
balance sheet is the one remaining thing
to deal with and we are considered
likely according to analysts on Wall
Street to get an announcement today that
they're either going to stop it
immediately or they'll put a near-term
date on it. They could have a defense
descent on that from Mickey Bowman who
suggested she wants a much smaller
balance sheet. They will probably say
they're going to reinvest the money in T
bills first, then across the curve from
the maturing securities and for the time
being maintain at least the $35 billion
market uh mortgage bond cap uh as they
try to work down to treasuries only, but
that's going to take some time. It'd be
an interesting question if they did
suggest they might sell some mortgages
to get there faster.
>> Mike, it might actually be an
interesting news conference given the
lack of economic data. Blake Gwyn of RBC
was with us earlier on this morning.
raised an interesting question, Mike.
How much of the news conference will
spend asking them what they're looking
at right now, how they're making these
decisions and how they'll make the next
decision?
>> Well, I'm sure they're going to get that
question. I'm sure J. Paul is going to
say the same as he always says. We're
looking at everything we possibly can.
One of the key things that a Fed
official will tell you if you speak to
them is that they are talking regularly
with companies in their district trying
to get a read on what companies are
doing, whether they're planning to
expand, whether they're planning to cut
back, are they going to let go of
people. We've seen a lot of
announcements of layoffs in the last
week or so in earnings reports. Uh the
issue for the Fed is that companies
don't know either because they don't
know what Donald Trump is ultimately
going to do. So they're all kind of
flying blind at this point and that
makes decisions that much harder which
is again why J Pal doesn't want people
to assume December's a done deal.
>> Mike, you're one of the best. Looking
forward to your coverage later. Mike
McKe helping us to lead our coverage of
that Federal Reserve decision later on
this afternoon. Our coverage on
Bloomberg TV and radio starts at 1:30
Eastern time. That decision of course 30
minutes later. News conference 30
minutes after that. A lot of questions
about the lack of data and a government
shutdown which you mentioned once
earlier and we've hardly talked about.
>> Yeah. 29 days government shutdown. No
one's blinking right now. So we're not
going to get jobs reports. We're not
going to get CPI except for the only one
we did get that showed a three handle
which makes you think that Washington at
this moment is comfortable for that.
What do they do with December with this
in this data desert? But I think you've
mentioned before last year, wasn't it
the University of Michigan survey that
really spooked the Fed?
>> It was a few years ago. Yeah. And are
they relying on things like that? Then
this
>> you got these leaks to the Wall Street
Journal and
>> it's concerning.
>> Yeah, I I agree with that. That that
wasn't a good period for this Federal
Reserve. Let's stick with the Fed. David
Miracle of Goldman Sachs for Goldman's
take writes the following. The September
dot plot showed a baseline of three cuts
this year. And with the official data
paused by the government shutdown, there
is no reason to deviate from that plan.
David joins us now for more. David,
welcome to the program. Sir, let's take
that median dot. How deceiving, how
misleading might that median dot be
given the division that's clear apparent
on the committee right now?
>> I think it's likely that Chair Powell is
part of that majority. I think that that
does represent the default plan. Uh and
I do think with no official labor market
data coming out, the most natural thing
to do is to continue on that path. Even
by the time of the December meeting,
while prediction markets imply the
government will have reopened, there
will be challenges for the October and
November data. they might not have all
of the data. We might not might worry a
little bit about data quality. Uh and of
course the labor market data will show
the effects of the Doge layoffs as well.
Uh and so you take all of that together
and I think it's a pretty high bar for
the labor market data to uh cause them
to to not deliver that December cut as
well. So we're expecting one today as
everyone is uh and we're expecting a cut
in December as well.
>> David, how are you taking stock of
what's happening in the labor market
currently? Mike McKe was going through
some of the announcements we've seen
from corporate America, Amazon, Target.
There have been others as well. How are
you tracking things?
>> Sure. We use a few different labor
market trackers where we try to
aggregate many different alternative
data series. Um, one of those is trying
to estimate job growth. Our impression
is that job growth has picked up a
little bit, albeit from very, very low
levels over the course of the summer.
ADP started releasing their uh weekly
data the other day and you saw basically
the same pattern, a bit of improvement
but from a very low starting point over
the summer. We also look at a couple of
different private sector measures of job
openings which replace the missing jolts
report. Uh and our impression there is
that job openings have continued to
decline. And then we also have several
different measures that get at the same
thing as the unemployment rate. How
tight is the labor market? How easy is
it to find a worker? How easy is it to
find a job? And there too, the
impression is that we've seen an ongoing
deterioration since the August
employment report, the last one that we
have. So overall, I would say that the
data are probably mixed to a little bit
worse, certainly not a strong enough
signal to uh to deviate from the plan to
deliver the series of cuts implied by
the dots.
>> So David, just to be clear, even if the
government is shut down by the next time
the Fed needs and we no reports from the
BLS, you think the Fed could be in a
position to cut interest rates. Don't
you think that's going to look a little
political?
>> Uh I think you know the thought was that
there's enough weakness in the labor
market that was visible even by the time
of the September meeting that they
wanted to deliver a series of risk
management or insurance cuts to push
back against that. Historically, those
have usually come in packages because I
think no one would think that one 25
basis point cut in isolation would do
enough to um you know push to push up
demand, push up labor demand hopefully
uh and address those labor market
concerns. I think you know those
concerns are still very much with us in
the absence of the data. you fall back a
bit on the alternative data, but I think
it would be very difficult for the
alternative data to send such a
convincing signal that they alone pushed
the Fed off course. By the time of the
December meeting, if the government has
reopened, we certainly should have the
September employment report because that
one was ready to go. Uh in general, we
think that the payrolls numbers that are
collected late should be less
problematic because of course we get
late payroll submissions all the time.
uh and for most months they don't look
systematically different from the
on-time submissions but something like
the household survey where past
experience suggests it is really
important to collect those data in real
time uh or similarly the CPI where we
should have been collecting those data
in October and haven't been h and there
just isn't a way to make up for that a
month later uh on those reports uh while
I assume something will come out you we
do worry a little bit about data quality
and about some missing data points so I
do think by the time of the December
meeting, they'll still probably be a
little bit reliant on some of these
alternative indicators.
>> David, you've put out some research over
the last year, tons of research on
tariff pass through. I remember a note
that came from you guys maybe a month or
two ago on taking stock of who was
eating it at the moment, how the cost
was being shared across America, the
importer, basically the company onto the
end consumer. David, how are you taking
stock of things now? And how do you and
the team see things developing into year
end and into into early 2026?
>> Sure. Only a little bit has changed
since we we last wrote our report, but
we do now have September CPI data. We
did think we saw some small effects in
goods categories. So I would say that
our estimate of the total tariff impact
so far uh on core PCE prices or core CPI
prices is about half a percentage point.
That's similar to what uh the St. Louis
Fed's economists have recently found
it's similar to what some other
alternative data providers have found.
People who are tracking prices using
methods other than the CPI and PCE. Um
so I think that's the general sense and
I would view that as basically meaning
that although we're still printing at
2.93% yearonear actually the underlying
inflation trend looks quite a bit better
than that to us more like 2.4 4 2.5%
uh once you uh kind of account for those
one-time price level increases from
tariffs.
>> That's a better story to tell, David.
Thank you, sir. David Mira there of
Goldman Sachs on the outlook for the
Federal Reserve looking for an interest
rate cut this afternoon. Another one in
December and very few reasons to deviate
from the dot plot produced the last time
they met.
>> I just think it's going to maybe not
even seen politically, but just how
uncomfortable it is for the Fed, who
says they're data dependent, to get up
there maybe in December. I understand
they can hang their hat on the recent
data we just got in September, but in
December potentially still be in a
government shutdown and say we're still
cutting interest rates and the last CPI
print we have is CPI at 3%.
>> I'm right there with you. It's
uncomfortable. You've got a 2% price
target. You've not hit it for now for a
number of years and you've had this
rolling aspirational view that in 3
years you'll get there. In 3 years we'll
get there.
>> Muhammad Alen has been talking about
this for years and he's nailed it. Also
Mike McKe talking about the fact that
the Fed governors are now relying on
executives in their district. Why didn't
they rely on executives in their
district when inflation was ticking up
when companies saw services saw that we
were going to be adding to prices? They
were just relying on the data and
thinking this is just going to be one
hit transitory because of the supply
shocks of COVID. So I think actually
this moment it is important and prudent
for the Federal Reserve to realize they
really do need to do more than just the
BLS data. They need to have a holistic
approach of what is going on in the
economy.
>> Chairman Pal's been very consistent on
one thing. They've got a preference to
supporting the labor market, which I
think is what they're doing right now.
You can debate as to whether that is the
right thing to do or not, but ultimately
that's where we are under the leadership
of the chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Equity futures on the S&P 500 positive
here by 0.2%. Let's give you an update
on stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Here's Yahi.
>> Hi, John. President Donald Trump is in
South Korea ahead of tomorrow's big
meeting with Chinese President Xiinping.
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force
One on his way to Korea, Trump said he
expects to lower tariffs on Chinese
goods over the fentinel crisis and that
he will speak with she [music] about
giving China access to Nvidia's
Blackwell AI chips. Meanwhile, CVS
Health shares are rising 3.7% after it
raised its 2025 profit guidance for a
third time in less than 6 months. It's
the sign that it's set a new foundation
a year into CEO David Joiner's tenure.
Even as the company struggles with
underperforming business units, the
company said improved operations in its
insurance unit was primarily responsible
for the strong performance.
And Tuesday marked the first full
paycheck that air traffic controllers
have missed since the start of the
shutdown, raising concerns about the
already understaffed aviation [music]
safety system. Transportation Secretary
Shawn Duffy warned that without enough
controllers, flight delays and [music]
cancellations will only grow. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for this
morning. Up next, we'll set you up for
the day ahead. Plus, don't miss this.
Jay Goldberg of Seport, he remains the
lone analyst on Wall Street with a sound
rating on Nvidia. [music]
Jay joins us next.
[music]
I think there might be a bubble and how
many people are talking about a bubble?
Nvidia is becoming the backbone for I
think America's AI century. AI is such a
big opportunity and the potential is so
vast. In addition, if you have the scale
and the customer base, like the
investment can be advertised over a lot
of years and so there probably is just
more risk to underinvesting. The long
term still is intact for the the returns
on AI.
>> That was Tony Wonk of Tro Price on a
bubble in bubble talk. Equities up again
today. Record highs on the S&P up by
0.2% 2% on the NASDAQ up by a third. As
we count you down to the opening bow,
check [music] it out. The week ahead, it
starts later on this afternoon. A
Federal Reserve interest rate decision
at 2 p.m. 2:30. Chairman Pal's news
conference. After the close, earnings
from Microsoft, [music] Meta, Alphabet
on Thursday, the president of the United
States and the Chinese leader meeting
[music] in South Korea. Plus, more tech
earnings. Apple and Amazon. Let's stick
with tech. Nvidia on track to become the
first $5 trillion company as President
Donald Trump fuels hopes of Blackwell
chip sales in China. [music] Jay
Goldberg of Seport Global holds the sole
sale rating on Nvidia with a $100 price
target, saying there's a lot more that
can go wrong with Nvidia than can go
right. Jay joins us now for more. Jay,
welcome back to the program, sir. 73
buys, six holds, your sell. Jay, what
can go wrong?
Well, I think there's there's a lot that
can go wrong. There's just not as much
that can go right as well, right? For
Nvidia is the most scrutinized company
on the planet. Investors track it down
to every detail. Everyone looks at all
the supply chain data coming out of
Asia. We know what their capacity is.
They sell they say they're sold out this
year. They say they're probably going to
be sold out next year. Uh once you're
sold out, how do you go up from there?
Right? There's some talk that maybe they
got some more capacity. Um but there's
not a lot of upside, right? And that's
part of the reason China is such a a a
topic of f a focus topic is because
that's sort of the one swinging factor
quarter to quarter as opposed to you
start to look through the the downside
risks here is uh AI is uh I I maintain
it's a bubble. No offense to Tony who
was just on but I think there's a lot of
uh there's only really six companies
driving all this spend. uh and you sort
of look through the chain of what's
going on in the data center
construction, electricity, supply chain,
the increasingly uh labored financial
engineering that's going into putting
these deals together. And I just think
there's a lot of things that could uh
sort of throw
a a wrench in the works.
>> Jay, what if though the president of
United States does strike a deal on
Blackwell chips? Would that change your
mind about Nvidia and the price target?
>> No, I think that's that's the that's the
big swing factor quarter to quarter. uh
they they wrote those chips off a few of
what two quarters ago. Uh what's going
to happen with their China their China
parts? I I think we all anticipate
there's going to be some resumption of
sales into China. So I don't think
that's Yes, it's it is some upside, but
I don't think it's it's a sort of I
don't think it changes the overall arc
here.
>> So
>> China 20% of sales, something like that.
So
>> you have a sale on Nvidia and you think
we're in a bubble. If you think back to
the dot era, Nvidia equals who?
Nvidia equals Amazon, right? Amazon went
up a whole bunch and then it fell a
whole bunch and then it came back. And I
think that's what we're going to see
here, too, right? I I agree. AI has the
potential to be immensely powerful and
Nvidia is really well positioned for
that. Uh, but I think that there going
to be growing pains. No technology this
big has ever been adopted in a straight
line. There going to be hiccups. There
going to be pullbacks. I think it's just
going to take us a few more years to
figure out what AI is actually useful
for and what it's good at and what are
the underlying business models. Uh, and
there going to be some some pretty
pretty serious swings in this in share
prices between now and then.
>> If it's reminiscent of Amazon, then at
what level would you want to get in? Cuz
I imagine everyone listening to this
thinks, "Oh, Amazon, I wish I had bought
that sometime in the past." the well
buying Amazon in 1999 and then holding
it it probably took another 10 years for
it to get back to that price. Uh so I I
think there is going to be disruption in
in in the whole AI chain. Uh right and
so I I know that any sort of
quartertoquarter dips people will just
buy into weakness. But I do think there
are sort of more fundamental issues here
around the adoption of AI, how long it's
going to take and and how some of these
deals, how some of these big data center
things that are baked into numbers, how
do those actually get built, right? What
happens if one of these major uh AI labs
can't build their their data center in
time? They can't get the electricity or
they can't get the funding right. I
think that slows things down. I think
that, you know, and then I think there's
there's risks in consumer adoption. We
still don't have a really good consumer
AI app. Uh, and I think at some point
all of this spend has to be justified
and the return on that investment is is
not entirely clear in a lot of these
cases.
>> Jay, could you just describe spend some
time on describing what that moment of
realization would look like when the
other 70 plus names get what you're
looking for? What does that actually
look like? Because your price target
right now at 100. I just wonder what the
rest of the market would look like if we
came down from 200 to to 100.
So, I probably have to review my price
target. I'll give you that. Uh, but I
do, like I said, I think I think what
happens is over the next year or so.
Gravity just reasserts itself, right? I
I I'm increasingly concerned by some of
the financing that's taking place in in
some of these NeoCloud deals, some of
these data centers. Uh, I think that's
that's sort of almost a house of cards
in some cases. There are good companies
there too, but there are just so many of
these companies chasing this build. But
when you get down to root demand, it's
all coming from the same six companies,
right? And I think if you push those
companies on what their business case
for all this massive spending on Nvidia
parts is,
it's challenging for them to come up
with a clear coherent business case for
it, right? And in that kind of situation
where they're sort of investing heavily,
spending huge amounts of money based on
some form of fear of somebody else
getting to some unspecified destination
first. That's a very heavily
psychologically driven spending wave.
Yeah. And that can easil that can just
as easily that came on. It could also
turn off quickly too. And so I think
what we'll see probably not in this
earning season, but somewhere in next
year, we'll start to see some some
easing back, some lowering of capex. Uh
and that sort of causes causes
everything to reset.
>> Jay, people will have sympathy with that
view. It feels like and these companies
are telling you they're behaving like
they're facing an existential risk. So
they're willing to overinvest or risk
that than risk underinvesting, Jay, but
the market keeps going higher. And I
wanted to finish on a more personal
question if I can, Jay. Career risk and
and how you think about that when this
market's still ripping and sell ratings
on Wall Street is super rare. And I have
tons of respect for you to come on and
just offer your opinion unvarnished how
you see things regardless of what the
market's doing. Jay, do you feel any of
that career risk being that soul sell
rating on such a well-owned name?
>> No, I it's I'll tell you one of the most
surprising things to me is when I came
up with this rating in April, right?
What I what I told clients at the time
was I I'm not saying short Nvidia.
That's a little bit too much. But I was
saying that it's going to underperform
other other stocks in the sector, right?
Other in my sector especially. And and I
think that's that's borne out. If you
look at what's happened with Astera Labs
or with Credo or with even Broadcom,
[snorts]
those have all outperformed Nvidia in
this over the last like 6 months. And
one of the most surprising things to me
in in all of this is how little push
back I've gotten from clients, from
institutional investors, from the buy
side. Right? I thought I was going to
have to fight them tooth and nail, but
most of them sort of quietly agree with
me. Right? We'll we'll we'll disagree on
timing. Some will say I'm a little
early, a little late, but nobody's sort
of pushing back on the core thesis. Like
there's a lot of concerns about all
this. Um, but also the market just keeps
going higher and I, you know, I can't
fight the market. I can't forecast the
market, but I can forecast my sector and
see what's happening there.
>> We're seeing that again this morning.
Jay, thank you for being so open and
honest with us. Thank you, sir. Jay
Goldberg there of Seapport. This market
keeps going higher. Equities at all time
highs. Coming up at [music] 1:30 Eastern
time, we'll have full coverage of that
Federal Reserve decision. Bob Michael of
JP Morgan, the former Fed vice chair
Richard Clarid, Kathy Jones of Charles
Swab, Tossen [music] Sllock of Apollo.
Big day coming up right here on
Bloomberg TV and on Bloomberg radio from
New York City this morning. Good
morning. This was Bloomberg
surveillance.